They do not segregate it out into different entities; it is all the same level to them.
In time then, as you expand you will begin to interact with them in ways similar to how we have interacted with you.
Thus if you become their UFOs, in time you can blend and assist them in their transformations somewhat as we have been assisting you up until now.
Brief Encounters Another civilization, unlike yours in certain ways, goes by the label of Irax.
These Irax have placed on themselves a very fascinating limitation. Their facial structures are almost completely bony, and they are incapable of expressing any emotionality on those faces whatsoever.
Their feelings must be expressed in completely different ways. They are of a creamy whitish-yellow coloration, with waxy-textured skin.
Also there is a civilization very unlike yours that operates on a completely different dimensional plane, one that would best translate into the idea of the Dilla.
Now, the Dilla beings operate in a completely non-physical sense, and yet in your perception they do have a physicality.
In a sense they are extremely classic in their nature. Having no real discernible features, they can take almost any form they wish, as they are of a completely primal dimensional state – not really physical, as you understand it.
But one of their prime "exports" is a sense of humor. They are of a very, very light vibration, and their world is very simplified.
You would likely perceive it as a smooth sphere, with no surface features. These do not need to exist until they are required; then they are literally drawn from the surface to form many different things.
The Dilla themselves can merge with the very substance of their world, being of a very plastic, molten state.
The way you would perceive them physically would be through almost nothing but primary colors, as you would actually be seeing them as having a plastic-like physical nature.
They can mimic your form, but that would not be their natural form. In a sense, they do not really have a form, except perhaps what you could define as a very flattened oblate spheroid shape in a state of rest .
. . However, they do not really rest. Closer at hand, a civilization that has been interacting with your society of late is that of the Pleiadians.
They are very much like you – in other words, humanish, primarily because many of you are from the same offshoots.
They are literally your brothers, sisters, and cousins, and you are now rejoining many of them- literally rejoining members of your family.
The Pleiadians, along with the Orions, are offshoots from an earlier system called Lyra, these having split from Lyra long ago as you count physical time.
They formed into polarity systems, Orion exploring the negative existence, and the Pleiadians the positive.
Another society is that from the star system you call Zeta Reticulum. These Reticuli are very short beings with large black eyes, very pale skin and enlarged heads.
They are most representative of the interactions you have labeled the abduction phenomena.
These beings will be discussed more later on. Dal Universe Bashar, I'd like to ask you about the Dal Universe.
I've been having some exchanges of energy with them, and I'm finding that they're quite different from what I've experienced before.
Could you tell me more about that universe? Yes. We cannot necessarily go much into other universal realities at this time, however.
Let us just say that they function as an automatic on and off switch to regulate some of the functions taking place in terms of exchange of energy in your physiological universe.
They are like a monitoring energy. I do notice that when they show up, the Pleiadians, who are pretty headstrong, get quiet real fast.
No need to look at it that way. You are putting it back into a melodramatic framework.
That is an Earth interpretation of what is going on in terms of the exchange of energy, and is not necessarily literally representative of what is actually taking place.
Okay. Are they physical like us? They can represent themselves that way. But ultimately not really.
They're like this gaseous energy cloud? Well, in a sense – energy beings, yes. You might interpret the idea as gaseous in your reality, but that also would only be an interpretation.
It might be more easily understood as etheric. Is the etheric fragile? Can it be broken into parts?
Well, in a sense, we 'break it" all the time in order to interact with you, because in many ways we are also etheric.
However, in our reality, according to our thoughts and beliefs, it re-physicalizes and goes back together.
All right. So are the Dals just totally from another reality? To some degree, another dimensional plane altogether.
Ninety degrees of a vector to those dimensional planes that you and I would call physiologically real.
They are a vector universe. How did they get here? Through the idea of phase shifting – just as we come into your universe.
The idea of changing your vibratory frequency to match that of the universe in question of visitation, and to project a portion of their consciousness in whatever way seems to be most necessary to represent their presence.
Their presence, as you perceive it, is not even the totality of their beingness. It is in a sense but a finger – to use an analogy.
Do they have ships? Not as you understand it, no. They do have cohesive electromagnetic consciousness that sometimes you may perceive as ships.
Or more often then not, you would choose to perceive them as merely spheres of light in your reality.
Arcturus Arcturus represents the gate of energy through which communication from other dimensions of experience is funneled into your dimension of experience.
They are the regulating gate. It doesn't mean that things are being regulated in a very structured sense, but only that they are the translators of energy from other dimensions into your dimension, into symbols you can understand: Much of the emanation of energy, of the dissemination of energy, and the regulation of the transformational rate going on an your planet, and many other planets within your galactic system, is under the auspices of the Arcturus gate.
They are also responsible for creating a particular type of energy alignment through which many of your children now being born are passing before birth – so they will forget less of who they are once they are born into your society.
In that sense, they have connections into what you call the angelic realm, and therefore are represented by a lot of non-physiological consciousness as well.
Some of this is an aspect of Pleiadian energy, but a lot of it represents aspects of extra-dimensional energy as it is symbolized in your material reality.
I recently channeled an energy, Bashar, that seemed to be coming through Boötes, through Arcturus.
They talked about the children with a tremendous amount of emotionality. Yes, that is the core vibration that allows you to know that you are linking with that energy, specifically within your reality at this time – the emotional core vibration.
For it is an opening and a crystallization at the same time of certain doorways within you that are connected to that heart energy, and to the energy of the chakra of your intention in the solar plexus.
It will create the heaving and the releasing, the assimilation and blending of energy simultaneously.
For it is that atmosphere into which the children are being born. Do recognize that the children arriving at present are not just another generation; they are another culture.
I feel as though I am going to be a bridge and I will channel that energy through.
But what was really fascinating to me was that the energy seemed to be the consciousness of the planet.
Yes! It is a collective. And it was as though it was being relayed through that constellation area, through the Arcturean energy, before it got to me.
I was wondering why that was. The only reason I could think of was that it was so intense, I may not have been able to handle it.
Yes, on many different levels, in order for you to be able to assimilate it comfortably beyond the experience of your physiological universe, it must come through a physiological valve, or representational symbol to which you can relate – to which you have already formed a degree of relationship – so it will also carry with it a degree of familiarity by the time you receive it.
Yes, that's true. I know I felt like there was more emotionality there than I could handle for very long at that time.
But I did see a vision, or in my mind I guess, a brilliant, brilliant star – which was behind this being who I think, was a teacher.
This is a representation of the other levels we are speaking about. Arcturus represents the combined triad of Earth, Essassani and Sirius on another level altogether.
Does the star – the brilliance or the consciousness of it – seem to be what we're going to be, what this civilization, or this planet's consciousness, is going to be?
In a sense, yes. You will be dealing with it in that way, and you will become immersed in the association of that nurturing, supporting vibration, that loving vibration.
Arcturean Symbol From my perspective there is a lot of attention on the Arcturean people, the experience.
Just to help me spark additional things, would you describe Arcturus and its experiences and such?
In regard to the level with which we are dealing at this time, the only description we can share with you is what has already been shared – that they are a collective energy consciousness.
There is nothing that would allow us to differentiate them in the sense of individuals, as you would understand it.
We can give you a symbol, however. It is only a symbol, and not something to get attached to, but it may function as a focal point.
It is a twelve-pointed white star on an orange-background circle on a background of black.
That symbol can represent their energy and act as a communicative link, or an identifying link, to the vibration of their energy, on whatever level you need to identify with them.
Is Arcturus physically perceived as a star, but on a different Ievel? Yes, there is consciousness associated with that energy phenomenon in your physiological reality.
It is the energy and the consciousness associated with that particular star to which we are referring as Arcturus energy.
Arcturus consciousness. I met the Arctureans personally, and they were very familiar to me.
Yes. Do recognize that from our point of view what those individuals represent is a strong identification with that vibratory energy.
On the level you are speaking of in terms of Arcturus energy, it is not so much that the energy actually, literally embodies itself, but that it forms an identification projection.
Isn't that the way it generally works anyway? Yes. We are simply rearranging the symbols by which your society usually refers to it.
More Triads I was wondering if you could articulate a little more on the Arcturus energy being on a different level from the triad.
We can put it briefly that your planet, our civilization, and the civilization of Sirius together combine for one consciousness, as well as, and apart from, the three distinct civilizations within it.
And that one consciousness finds itself being one part of an overall triad, of which Arcturus is also one of the overall consciousnesses.
The other third besides our triad is Polaris. What's our name – the combined idea?
It can generally be refereed to as any one of the names that represent the overall collective consciousness within each and every civilization.
Thus for Sirius it would be Siskeen, and for us, Shakana. For you it is the Christ consciousness.
In general any alignment with Arcturus is simply a representation of another threshold and a doorway that you are going through.
You will find that in your cosmology your move specifically represents many of the ideas of your sub- and unconscious awareness now coming to the surface.
Also your Pluto alignment is generally representative of the transformation across a threshold that you previously would have considered to be the idea you call death – but which now represents a transformation into a new type of life.
I understand the concept, but could you give us an example of the threshold? The threshold we are referring to is the transformation taking place on your planet from third to fourth density.
That is the overall threshold. Every single symbol within your reality that has any relationship to transformation is all generally a part of that.
The specifics are up to you to determine for yourselves, although as we have said, the idea of your move does to some degree represent the idea of your subconscious and unconscious awareness coming to the surface.
The idea of Pluto is the actual journey involved across the threshold itself. In this same archetypical manner you have described the myth you call the crossing of the River Styx.
This puts you in touch with what you previously assumed to be the darker regions of your consciousness.
It is another way of saying that you enter the blending of your positive and negative polarities, and therefore allow yourselves, in the crossing of that threshold, to glean only a positive effect out of the blending of the positive and the negative.
This is why you have intuitively labeled Pluto's moon with the same name as the ferryboat driver that drives you across the mythological river Styx .
. . Charon. When you talk about this triad, you don't mention Spica. And I always assumed that Spica is very connected to Arcturus.
It is in other ways. The idea is that just as this triad is unto itself a triad, and its whole energy represents one of the triads relative to Arcturus and Polaris, then the idea you call Spica is one of the fragments that allows Arcturus itself to also be a whole idea.
In ways similar to how Sirius, our civilization, and your civilization form a collective whole, Arcturus is the combination of the idea of Spica and other consciousnesses to form its collective whole.
Are you following me? I'm trying to. It is very simple. You have, let us say, Sirius, Earth and Essassani.
Those three form one triangle. The energy you are perceiving from Arcturus – that is another triangle; Polaris is another one.
So each one of those respectively has three components within it, and together the three triangles form another whole consciousness that is also a part of another triad yet again.
And on and on and on goes the pattern. Yeah, I've heard something about how we're moving very close in the direction of Polaris.
Yes. Again, that is because like Arcturus, it is one of the major constituents of the overall consciousness triad that is represented by the main group.
As Arcturus represents the emotional side, and as Earth, Essassani and Sirius represent generally a collective idea of mentality, in a certain way Polaris (by your instinctive name) represents the idea of the polarities that you are now blending together – positive energy and negative energy in and of itself.
Thus, as you are now forming integration, and making positive and negative into one reality, so are you deriving a degree of physiological affinity in the direction of Polaris, because that is your indicator.
It is the indicator of the theme in your integration – the blending of the polarities.
Moons and Planets Around Pluto, Bashar, is that a moon or another planet? As the definition of a moon is any body that orbits a central body, then by that definition it is a moon, and smaller than the planet of Pluto.
Your society is just beginning to discover some very interesting things about that binary system, one of them being the very fine, fine atmosphere that exists upon Pluto, although it is not an atmosphere as you understand it – one that you could breathe.
That fine atmosphere can extend out so far it actually envelops Charon. You will begin to discover something else you have not seen yet: there is an actual electrical potential between the two, and so there is a great deal of electrical arcing that goes on between the body of Pluto and the body of Charon at particular times of alignment within your solar system – when there is a build- up of ionic charge between that binary pair.
Are there any other moons around Pluto? There is other debris, but not anything of the magnitude of Charon.
Okay. Then in our solar system, other than Earth is there any other life in the third dimension that we might discover?
Not exactly. Certain compounds will be discovered in time, remnants within certain areas of Mars, conglomerates of molecules within several of your gas giant planets – Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
These will be primordial forms of organic life, but they will lend you clues toward understanding what you as a mass consciousness utilized to create many of the ideas of life forms upon your Earth.
In time there will be seen to be interactions with other levels of consciousness, but in your third-dimensional state, no.
There is inhabitation, to use the term loosely, on every single planet in your system, but not in the third dimension.
More Cover-Up Is there life on Mars Bashar? Not in your third density. Fourth or fifth density?
Fourth, yes. How about the moon – any life in another density? In our perception there is life on that body in an alternate reality altogether, but that body is not in any way in your dimension at all.
Only in that reality do I immediately perceive the life you are asking about; it is not barren in that dimension.
However, in your third-dimensional reality, yes, it is barren on your moon. There are artificial bases, but not what you call natural life.
There are artificial bases on the moon in our density? Yes. Constructed by whom? By other civilizations, not of your Earth.
And not of the moon? No. Inhabited? And they were not found by –? Yes, they were.
They were found by the astronauts, and the information was suppressed?!? Yes. Aha!
Are they inhabited now? Some. A few. Not as many as in earlier times. Physically, right now, there are aliens on the moon?
Physically, right now, yes. And this information was suppressed as a result of an inability of the astronauts to comprehend what they were observing?
Oh, no, no, no, no. They knew what they were observing? Oh, yes. And the information was transmitted back to space command center, NASA or whatever!
Yes. And now authorities on Earth have prevented the information from becoming public for what purpose?
You do not know? Do you not understand the structure you have created your government to be?
Have you not realized that their understanding is that unless they are controlling, they are not in power?
One of the strongest ideas of power in your civilization is information. The idea of allowing your civilization to recognize that your government does not need to rule you, that the universe is open to all to explore, would take away their power in their eyes – although in fact it would actually give them their power as individuals.
But they do not understand this, because that is not what you have all created them to be.
Yes, I understand that, but what I don't understand is their thought process: thinking that by keeping this information secret it increases their control.
Because, as I just said: if you are aware, as you are right now, that the ability to interact with other beings on equal levels would bring with it no more need to have your responsibility removed from you and institutionalized, then there is no purpose that they serve.
They believe that power lies only in controlling others. Now, did the astronauts have some interaction with these other beings on the moon?
Not while in space, no, nor while on your moon – not beyond photographing and visually seeing.
There has been face-to-face interaction on your Earth on many occasions – with your military and your government, as we have often said.
Why did the aliens choose to have an interaction with those people, as opposed to others?
Because you have allowed them to be the ones who have to be met first. The idea is that by allowing that interaction to take place, then perhaps there is the ability for them to choose to realize that there is nothing to fear.
And they can hang up their fear hats. You have entrusted them with power over you.
Some of us have, yes. Some, yes. Enough of you have – and we do not differentiate.
However, since not all of you have, there is some interaction with individuals within your society as well from time to time – individuals who are not of your governmental structure.
But again, the frequency with which that happens will be completely dependent upon, 1) your willingness to recognize that you are your governments, and 2) your willingness to take back your responsibility – not by opposing them, but by loving them, letting yourselves function on equal levels with them, and vice versa, so you can share the idea that you all run your world.
They do not have to run it for you, in the sense of controlling what you know about it.
They can run it with you. And if they choose to perform an organizational service, then they will be serving you, not controlling you.
Right. That was the essence, the kernel, of what the founding fathers attempted to do with the United States.
Yes, in a sense, although you were never meant to have a democracy. It was designed as a republic.
Our Defense Does the Star Wars program have, as part of its rationale, interaction with these other civilizations?
In a sense there is a great deal of fear about what is perceived to be the loss of power.
Do understand, however, that your defense program is not all it seems to be. A large portion of that idea is only for the purpose of allowing you to think you need protection, so they will stay in power.
Let us emphasize again: they already understand, in no uncertain terms, that we and other civilizations are not going to interfere.
They know! In a sense they are scrambling for a foothold, because they understand that it will inevitably change.
They are attempting to establish, only in ways they allow themselves to understand, that once your Earth opens up to the possibility of interaction with other civilizations, they will still want to be the representatives.
They will still want to say, "Look! Look at me. I am the most powerful one here. Deal with me." They do not understand.
In all they have been offered by us, in our communications, they still do not understand – not in the way we mean it.
Meaning that empowerment is the right of all. They do not believe that you can all run your own lives.
They will only understand the idea of each and every one of you creating your own reality in terms of anarchy and chaos.
They do not understand synchronicity and ecstatic explosion of coincidence . . . and trust.
Trust in the higher consciousness, in their future selves; functioning from integrity, integration, in the idealized state.
Sirius Another civilization, composed of both semi-physiological and completely non- physiological beings, is a civilization orbiting the star called Sirius.
Sirius is at the peak of our triad and represents the further step in the evolution we are going through on Essassani and you are going through on Earth – and which both of us will accomplish in time.
The level of consciousness from Sirius that is mostly in contact with your world is the non-physical sixth-density level of consciousness that goes by the name of Siskeen.
These beings have been in telepathic communication with members of your society for quite some time, and are responsible for some of the mythological manifestations in your perception of the amphibious gods – those from your Sumerian cultures, some of your African tribal cultures and your American Indian recognitions.
Although they do have a semi-physical counterpart that to some degree is physiologically amphibious, you have perceived them as amphibious beings because they exist in an energy sea.
One of the reasons for this particular manifestation being very strongly connected to your planet also has to do with the fact that as we scan your Earth, we find that there is not one, but two alien civilizations on your planet: land humans and water cetaceans.
Dolphins and whales are thinking, self-incarnating, self-aware souls like yourselves.
They are not animals, as you classify them in that sense. So do recognize that your planet is blessed with two civilizations that can work side by side and learn to love one another and grow in creativity.
They have already begun to assist you by entering your dream states and teaching you how to play in spontaneous ecstasy.
Go to them; share with them. They love you. Because of their environment, they have been in telepathic communication with many different civilizations off your planet for quite some time.
They have an especially strong connection with the Sirius civilization, since they have much in common as a consciousness, and are telepathic.
Whales are to some degree the embodiment in physical terms of the higher consciousness of the dolphin.
You simply do not have a physiological manifestation of your higher consciousness, because the gravity of your world would not support it.
So it is up to you to be both the manifestation of the individual consciousness and the higher consciousness itself.
Usually you relegate the higher consciousness into non-physical whereas the higher consciousness of the dolphin can manifest physically as the whale because of the buoyant environment of your ocean.
But they are there to assist you, to love you. When you blend as one society that will also make it easier for you to interact with other whole societies.
So now look at this sparkling opportunity you have created. You do not have to go anywhere to interact with an alien civilization; you have one in your own various oceans.
Learn to communicate with them and they will teach you much about the way you will be communicating with all other civilizations you will encounter.
Three Levels Something that we have not completely discussed before in specific detail is that Sirius has interacted with your civilization from many different levels.
For in the past they have had a more physiological counterpart that to some degree interacted with some of you from time to time in you’re past cultures – not only telepathically, but somewhat physiologically.
We discussed with you once that as yours is the third planet from your sun, so is our world Essassani the third planet from our sun.
We have also said that the planet that is represented by the Sirius consciousness is also in a sense third from their sun, but not third in the same way – not spatially, dimensionally.
For there are three levels of the civilization of Sirius – one fourth density, one fifth density, and one that you may be most familiar with through these interactions, the sixth density level of Siskeen.
Here they are totally non-physical beings, as you would understand physicality, and exist more or less in an energy state, an energy sea.
Their ancient fourth-density representative selves were to some degree amphibious, as perceived by many of your ancient cultures, but not exactly to the degree that they were described in the ancient American Indian, African and Sumerian lore.
They were not literally half fish as these cultures have understood and represented them.
Among many other reasons, this is why there is such a strong state of identification between the Sirius civilization and the civilization on your planet you call the dolphins and the whales, and why they have been in telepathic communication for many thousands of your years.
They are similar in energy format in many ways. While the physiological configuration of the old fourth density Sirius civilization was not like your dolphin and whale civilization, their energy was sufficient to cause camaraderie, empathy, and an identification to take place.
And so their communications have been ongoing for quite some time, even while the land human civilization on your planet has been waking up from its deep sleep of forgetfulness.
Those interactions that took place here and there are to some degree responsible for some of the representations of cultural, religious, political, and economic ideas that manifested and blossomed on your planet.
We do not wish to impart the impression that extraterrestrials are completely responsible for the entire idea of your cultural or sociological phenomena.
No. But some interaction has taken place and has created changes in the course of how you view events as a society.
Because none of you are original to your planet anyway, you all have connections of a sort to other dimensions, other levels of existence that were established from time to time in various other modalities.
As the Sirius civilization progressed and accelerated, in your terms evolution took place – while changing from their fourth-density state into the more quasi-physical, non-physical fifth- density state, and then into a completely non-physical sixth density life, as we have said.
But to some degree, because in a sense all realities exist at the same time, all interactions on all levels are still taking place, especially because in your civilization you are still awakening out of third density into your own fourth-density manifestation.
The Sirius society does somewhat represent our own higher Consciousness. They are representative of the evolution our civilization is most directly headed for, as we move into the idea of fifth density from our fourth-density existence, the last stage of physicality.
As you move into that last stage of fourth-density physicality, you will eventually in a sense take our place in the triad.
We will then be at the peak of the triad, as Sirius moves on to another idea altogether.
And then another civilization will fill your shoes in our triad. As we have said, most likely this will be the civilization in the Barnard star cluster.
The Sirius civilization is very much in an energy sea; they are in a state of complete consciousness.
If you wish any kind of a representation of their world as such, we can give this physiological analogy that you can perhaps relate to: imagine a ball of clear light, clear energy on the surface.
As you sink slowly into it, it becomes a white, white, white energy. As you go more toward the center, it then condenses and collapses into a bright electric blue, electromagnetic energy.
And at the very center is what you could typically call a black hole gate. This idea of their existence, existing as energy forms in an energy sea, allows them to either project themselves telepathically as individuals or as one homogenous energy, one homogenous consciousness.
To some degree it can be said, technically speaking, that they do this projection and communication with other civilizations through that black hole gate at the very center of their world.
It is an interdimensional gate that links to all levels, all dimensions, and through which they can communicate in either direction -- with any level, any dimension.
Thus this gate now has allowed them to step up their ability to communicate with many of you, now that you as a civilization have stepped up your ability to receive the idea of higher vibrations.
Let me remind you once again that biological life is the most efficient transmitter and receiver.
As each one of you, in your own way, in your own time, decide to open yourselves up to more expressiveness of the consciousness you are, more recognition and expressiveness of the frequency you are, you will become more sensitized to the frequency in which they are always bathing .
. . and beaming to your world from. They are always sending an unbroken radiation of unconditional love and energy, thought forms and thought patterns for you to tap into.
Let's Get Sirius In your terms of counting, the star you call Sirius is approximately ten of your light years away.
In your physical dimension it takes ten of your years, ten of your orbits, for a beam of light to reach from your star to their star, from their star to your star.
But understand that the telepathic link is instantaneous, that the black hole gate circumvents physiological space, connects all dimensions in the immediate here and now.
And through that gate it is as if they literally overlap you, or intertwine with you.
Even in much the same way that we, and all civilizations and all dimensions are intertwined holographically with each other.
Each and every being has that same central gate, that same central black hole through which you can receive and send any idea, any information, creating any interaction you desire.
When you are in an energized, balanced, relaxed and ecstatic state, you can always be aware of all the frequencies, all the spectrum of energy and information that is always available for any of you to ride the crests of that wave – always.
Identification with their very high energy can assist in your acceleration, although it is not that they are doing it for you.
You must meet them half way. In a sense, that is where we come in, for we are to some degree representative of the halfway vibration between you and them.
We are the band of consciousness, of electromagnetic energy that represents what you are to some degree becoming, what you are headed for in your civilization.
By allowing identification to take place between our civilizations, we are somewhat reflecting to you your own self- chosen future.
Not that it will be specifically as we have chosen to express our civilization, for you will create your own version of it.
But the energy, the patterns, the identification, will be very similar. Then once again, as you move to the stars, open to the stars, you will literally be flowing, sliding on star light, using light itself for all you need – all your power, all your understanding – recognizing that light is the matrix in which all the information you need is intertwined and interlocked.
When you open that light, by shining as a brilliant star yourselves, you will then match the frequency of all of Creation's life, and know everything you need to know right now, as you are.
You are made of light. So when you lighten up and aren't so "serious," then you too will reflect the Sirius nature – their consciousness and your own higher selves and fuller selves.
We thank you for having such an interesting language to play around with. Star Child Bashar, you said none of us are original to this planet.
Could you tell me if I am what you would call a star child? Oh, in a sense all of you are, you know.
The term star child that you use in your society is generally an indication of a conscious recognition of some of these connections you all have – that may, for some particular reason in this particular life, stand out more than other connections might.
So in that sense, if you feel so drawn to that idea, then obviously you are choosing to express yourself in that way.
I was just saying, for lack of better words that I believe there is some sort of a race that I belong to…
Yes, I understand. But you see the idea is that all of you have those connections.
Different connections stand out in different lives, depending on what you have created this particular life to be.
In other lives you may have felt other connections, and that you can determine in each and every present in which you create yourself to exist, because you are connected to all of them.
In a sense, you all come from everywhere and nowhere. As a spirit you don't really have any particular point of origin.
But you can make those connections, and they can feel like true connections. Yes.
Well, how can I contact the others who are like me? I feel so different from everyone.
All right. Now, please do me a favor: take your physical form and turn it approximately 30 degrees .
. . What do you see? (Turning to look at about 200 people.) A lot of people. Say, "Hi." Hi.
(Audience response: Hi!!) Well? What do you think they are? They think as you do in many ways.
There are many individuals who know as you do, who sense as you do. Remember, it is a very common thing, now that you are all awakening on your world, to recognize more of the other connections you have.
At first, because of the way you are used to thinking of separation of space, you may get the feeling that you belong there more than you belong where you are.
You have just made a recognition, and it creates within you this feeling of separation and homesickness.
But the idea is not to run away from where you chose to be so as to rejoin that energy, but to manifest that energy here on your planet of choice.
All of you are representatives from many different civilizations, and you have chosen to be born here to assist Earth in its transformation, to transform its energy into the energy you are familiar with on other worlds that already exist in a harmonious state.
So remember that even though you may have other homes, because you chose to be born on Earth, Earth is your home too – and lust as equally validly your home as anywhere else.
Well, why is it that I seem so invisible to many other people, that it's almost as if I'm on my own level, so to speak?
Whatever you are not the vibration of, and whatever is not the vibration of you, literally cannot be seen.
Our suggestion is to just be the fullest you you can be with integrity. You will radiate at whatever pitch is necessary to attract all others who wish to interact with you, and attract yourself into circumstances where you will find others willing to interact with you on that level, because that's where they already are.
You are not alone. Now, a suggestion, if you wish to use it: in your meditative state go exploring with your imagination, and see what feelings come up within you that are strongest in terms of an association or a connection to an extraterrestrial idea.
But always remember: even though you have connections to everywhere else, right now you are focused as a native of your own world; and therefore that must be the most important focus.
Otherwise you would be somewhere else. The Association Bashar, I would like to understand better just what The Association of Worlds is, and how it functions.
And what importance does it have for us? The Association is made up of many different levels of civilizations an d dimensionality, all choosing to agree to interact on levels that are mutually reinforcing in a beneficial and positive way.
There is among these civilizations the realization that being of service to all is to automatically allow the all to serve them.
So in this way our Association of Worlds has made itself known to you. You are now beginning, as we perceive, to blend and balance, to harmonize with our Association of Worlds, to join that particular gathering and grouping of minds and souls and hearts.
Note that it is not something you are familiar with as a governmental structure; it is highly unstructured.
In its very spontaneity are the keys to how it functions. For it gives to all the ability of every world within The Association to be fully who that world wishes to be, and trust that whoever that world wishes to be will automatically, coincidentally, synchronistically fit and harmonize with the comings and goings, the interactions and exchanges that all the other worlds need it to be.
Thus there are gatherings of a sort. Many times you will find that there are projections of consciousness, projections telepathically of mentality.
There are gathering spaces; every mother ship has such a chamber wherein the interactions of the mentality telepathically, the projections of consciousness of hundreds of civilizations, meet and confer, creating that spark between themselves that allows them to put their hand on the pulse of The Association.
To know the flow, the current and the direction of the agreements we are all making – altogether, all at the same time.
That way we will all remain in step. It is mostly our trust, our unconditional love, that allows us to know when it is time to come together, when it is time to go about our business exploring and assisting other worlds in recognizing their power – which is much of what we do.
To increase our numbers; to expand our agreed-upon universe by giving other worlds their power and allowing them to make the choice in their own right to join us in the expansion of our ability to perceive all the different ways that Creation has of manifesting itself to be.
That is what strengthens us. Within this idea can be put forth our recognition that many of you are now choosing to make that agreement with us, choosing to synchronistically harmonize your pulse with our pulse, your dream with our dream, your reality with our reality, and beginning to physiologically experience the result of making that choice.
Thus there is more synchronicity in your lives, less struggle, less suffering. More recognition of the abundance you already have and less structured definitions; fewer invalidations and judgments upon yourselves; less doubt, less fear, less guilt.
All of these are the results of the taking back of your power and choosing to function as whole beings and a whole civilization.
And as such that will make it easier for your civilization to function with other whole civilizations, which comprise the Association of Worlds.
For your willingness to do this, we thank you. Know that by connecting, associating, all paradox, all dichotomies and conflicts will be resolved, for they are only polarity projections from the center of your being.
Since you can perceive both ends of the spectrum, they both must come from within you.
Within you they are blended; they are one, and in that sense there is no paradox.
So association, in and of itself, is the key, allowing yourselves to be all the associations you make in life.
One more time: allowing yourselves to be recognized as all of the associations you are making in life .
In other words, recognizing that you are the relationships you are having; you are the life you are living.
You are the association itself. CHAPTER FOURTEEN Sightings I've always wanted to be able to see a space ship, Bashar, but I never have.
Have I failed to be looking where one was, or is there something deficient in my perceptions?
Not really. In fact, all of you have seen them, but for various reasons have blanked it out.
The idea may not serve your immediate identification of whom, and what, you need to be at that moment.
However, understand that it is not that critical for you to see our craft. The idea is to focus on your own feelings right now.
When you really need to see space ships, you'll see them; nothing will stop it – nothing at all.
To some degree, yes, it has to do with vibratory rates. Even though all of you have seen them, you do not necessarily need to retain the memory of it.
In fact, in many cases it would impede allowing you to be who and what you are in the most natural and spontaneous way.
Where it serves you to remember the incident, you will remember. For now you may recognize that many of you will only allow yourselves to see these things when you soften your focus into a semi-conscious realm.
As soon as you begin to blend more of the unconscious with the conscious, as we have said, you will be able to see our craft all the time.
You see, we allow our vibratory frequency to be in that realm which gets you to stretch.
The idea is to meet us half way. In your dream states you are on a vibratory plane where we are very perceivable in our natural environment, at our own natural level.
Then how does one raise one's vibratory level? By doing what excites you the most.
Why the Encounters? Bashar, I have had three close encounters of the third kind, and I'd like to know the significance of these encounters.
The significance! First of all: the idea of any recognition any one of you might have with beings you call extraterrestrials, are for several general reasons and many specific reasons.
Many of the specific reasons are entirely within you and your understanding of what you have created yourselves to be, and what it is you desire to do in your lives.
The general reasons are for forming a reunion, a reunion that awakens you to your own power, your own godhood.
That is the fundamental reason for any such encounter: to wake you up, to allow you to be aware of the energy of creativity you have within you, so that you can then put it to use in your physical world, creating the changes that will transform the world and allow more interaction to take place between your world and other worlds.
That is the primary, fundamental significance. Any other significance in specific terms is up to you, and will be in terms of the agreements and contracts you have made with those beings – to have them remind you at those specific timings of who you are.
(Another): My wife and I saw 19 UFOs that no one else saw. Can you tell me what was going on there?
Sometimes our craft can be seen by individuals who are sensitive to a particular frequency, and at the same time another individual standing right next to them may not see us at all.
We exist in another type of dimensional frame, and if you are attuned to that frame, you can see us.
If you are not, you cannot. A group of individuals will not necessarily all be in synchronous alignment, and in your case that is what was happening: your vibration was oriented to the appropriate frequency to be able to perceive into a slightly different dimension of experience.
Now, those individuals you perceived were giving you intuitive symbolic communication, what we call identification, which is aligning vibration with vibration, seeing who is aligned to particular frequencies, and taking note of that.
In a sense, they were locking in to take stock of what percentage of the individuals on your planet are aligning with the vibration that would allow us to interact more with all of you.
So you were noticed, and you were given the idea of recognition. You were shown ideas of symbols that translate directly into your unconscious and subconscious mind to awaken within you whatever you are willing to let be awakened.
Then you can be assisted with more momentum and more energy to do the things in your life that represent the strongest part of whom and what you are.
Are you saying that the sightings are coming around because of my desire to meet with space people?
It is because of the vibratory frequency you have placed yourself upon, but those sightings are indicative of the level of energy you are operating on.
It is a reflection, a mirror to you, and there "should" be a reflection of exactly how much energy you have and a reflection that you can do anything you want to with it, right now.
You do not have to wait. Oftentimes out in Malibu, I point out different stars which I perceive are spacecraft.
Rarely. Well, you've mentioned that when people can't sleep is when the ships are around, and that's when I'm pointing them out.
All right, that can be the perception of energies. However, they do not always manifest as spacecraft.
I often see star-like lights that rotate colors. Specifically red, green, blue. Some yellow.
Orange, maybe. Some of these are only stars aberrated by your atmosphere. Some are energy doorways, dimensional doorways.
These are doorways or tunnels to other dimensions of existence. Through these doorways many of the so-called spacecraft emerge.
But the color is really vivid. And they do tend to move with the flow of the stars.
Yes. Again understand that when it is for the most part the idea of atmospheric aberration, your atmosphere will act like a prism, and take and bend the starlight, so it will have the entire range of the spectrum.
Understand that above your atmosphere the stars do not twinkle. The atmosphere is a lens that distorts.
That's what bothers me. Because there is a distinct difference in these in the twinkling.
It's like a rotation. That may appear to be the case. But again, your atmospheric aberration can also cause that.
We are not saying that this is the case every time, but it is the case in the majority of times.
Okay. How would you know if you were seeing a space ship? You would not necessarily know.
Now, to be practical for a moment, let us suggest a rule of thumb that you may use, one that many individuals have found to be convenient for them: unless it is obviously a space craft, then it isn't one – even if it is.
For what purpose does it serve, if you have to guess? Therefore, if you see something, and you are not sure, go on about your business.
When you are sure, you will be sure. There will be no mistake. All right. One night about six weeks ago this same thing happened.
We saw a star-like object moving away from us specifically. It felt as if it were a shuttle leaving a mother ship.
This is what I will share with you at this time. Understand that you were witnessing the idea of a motion, as you describe it, but not in your dimension.
This leads to many other areas, and depends upon your willingness to extend your senses further.
What you see many times is not physical sight, although you do not know it. Go with that for now.
Here is a suggestion: when you see something in your sky, extend your imagination and your senses to that point in space and see what you pick up.
You will always pick up some form of consciousness, for everything is conscious. But see what you get.
That is one of the reasons you are being lured into extending your senses into what you are seeing.
You have not yet begun to extend yourself in the manner of the invitation being offered, and so we cannot yet discuss what you yourself will create yourself to find.
When you begin to interact a little more, there will be the co-creation of the delineation of some of that interaction.
I don't. I'm wondering if there is some shift necessary, some timing? Or is there some agreement that can be made?
Can I just check on when is the next available flight –? You have already made the agreement.
You will fulfill the appropriate timing by continuing to do what represents who you are.
That is what will take you most quickly into any timed agreement: be the person you need to be.
That agreement will be met. Is there some way I can get an advanced glimpse of the schedule?
Certain areas on your planet that attract you – do you physically go there? Not as often as I'd like.
There are a of lot places… Bye-bye. In other words, if that is what you are all about, then act upon the impulse.
Place yourself in the locations carrying the highest degree of conductivity for those types of blendings.
There are many, many places around your planet that we have visited, and visit all the time.
You may simply go to where you are attracted. But again, recognize that you do not necessarily have to go very far.
Generally speaking, however, it is usually more conducive to see our ships if you are not in a large city.
What we are saying is that we recognize many of you have ascribed to us abilities that in many ways we do not have – in the sense of being able to just pop in, pop out, anywhere any time.
We also follow the natural lines of flow of timing and the electromagnetic field of the universal reality.
And therefore sometimes even when you might be ready, the timing on our side does not match the fullness of the agreement.
Is there some way to find out what that timing would be, that does work in conjunction with your agreement?
Sometimes in meditation it can come to you. But always in the exploration of the things that mean the most to you in physical life.
And in the action of those endeavors you will have whatever type of recognition of the timing you need.
But do realize that usually you think you're ready when you really are not. Trust that when you really are ready, nothing in the universe will stop it.
Great. Thank you. (And another): Bashar, I wouldn't mind being abducted and temporarily detained on a space ship.
What do you think would be the best way to do that? By not giving it a second thought.
By going about your business, living your life to the fullest, and being the person you really desire to be.
By not needing to do that. Many of the ideas of these so-called interactions – it is not that they cannot occur, but only that many times they will not occur because you are requesting it in the context that you will not be complete unless it happens.
And therefore, we will not show up and reinforce your sense of incompleteness. Not that we will guarantee anything, for the timing is always going to be dependent upon the individual, but if you still have a penchant for a contact, simply be somewhere alone.
Then your chances are greatly increased. But do also understand: all of you have been aboard ships in your dream states.
All of you. Yah, I remember dreams of doing that, but I want to do it in my physical body.
As soon as the dream state and the physical body are not considered different, you will be.
Do not need it to be different; do not need it out of desperation. Live your life; all things are happening according to perfect timing, and according to agreements that serve the best of all concerned.
And relax. Many times – and this may surprise some of you who are so very eager to meet us, as you say, in the flesh – we have heard many of you express the same desire: "I'm really ready; I'm really ready to meet you now, really.
I'll meet you down at the corner in, oh, half an hour." We are very aware of all the levels of your consciousness that are involved in the need to focus on us, and to focus on yourselves.
But when you have expressed the idea of your readiness, finding yourselves in a remote location, and finding the energy changing and you are very aware of exactly what is happening – that we are coming closer to you in vibration, and are in many ways about to literally appear to you – boy, do you run!
When it comes right down to it, many times you are not as ready as you think you are.
"Not yet, not yet," you say. We will know when you are ready. I don't think I’d run, though.
I know you don't think you'd run. And in a sense, many of you may not. But also understand this: one of the reasons for the timing of everything is because, as we pointed out earlier, being exposed to a higher vibration will often bring things up with you, that you are not ready to face about yourselves.
And in fact, most of the running you do is not from us. It is from yourselves! We will trust the timing that is best for all concerned.
Do not give it a second thought; just live your lives. And as we have said, you can open the lines of communication in loving ways with your government, and allow them to share the information of our existence.
Make it not such a surprising thing that your civilization and ours should interact, thus laying the groundwork for that interaction.
My Own Ship I've been focusing in, on what excites me, Bashar, and what really seems exciting to me is having an interplanetary space ship.
We understand that it excites many of you, as you form different connections, and we are not saying this is by any means impossible.
Recognize, you do have the technology on your own planet to create this, and many of you are beginning to do so.
The idea also to remember about what excites you the most, is that at any given moment, if you act on what excites you that you are capable of acting on, it will lead you to anything else that excites you that you may not immediately be able to act on because of the way you have set circumstances up, or the way the timing actually is.
You may find that having the idea of spacecraft will represent your willingness to utilize the technology that exists on your planet, creating the spacecraft you can create.
Well, I wouldn't mind if I could have one that already exists, one that was not necessarily manufactured here.
Yes, I know you wouldn't mind, and this is even possible. But again, the idea is to utilize the timing for what it is, and it is not quite the timing for that yet.
But you can bring it closer by creating your own craft and meeting us halfway. There are many things for you to understand about the principles, the nature of that level of technology.
If you are willing to explore that on your own terms, in your own understanding, then by the time you are able to access a space craft whose origin does not come from your world, you will understand how to use it.
I'm willing to take lessons now. These are your lessons. Do you not understand? Using what you have access to on your own planet are your lessons.
. . . We understand that this does not sit well with many of you who are anxious for the endeavor, and the experience to which you can relate.
Nevertheless, it is representative of the timing. And again, it is not outside the realm of probability at all.
The timing being what it is, allows you to be aware that actions on your world must be turned in the direction of using what you already have access to.
That is what brings any other probability closer. In your dream realities you are now in a sense being taught, and you already know how.
When you apply this in the reality in which you have chosen to exist, you will then be acting in the direction of showing that you know how.
You have chosen to be where you are, and you have chosen to be in this type of society, at the technological level in which the society exists right now.
That is for a reason. Tap into that reason. UFO Crash Bashar, I have a new book here, and I'm very proud of this book because I had a hand in it.
Do you remember 7-7-47? Absolutely! This book is called UFO Crash at Aztec, and it tells the complete story of that investigation and what was found, complete with illustrations, photographs, some of the original texts from magazines, and some information released under the "Freedom of Information Act.
" I feel that injustice was done to those entities, being brought down in the manner that they were, and the dissections and the things that followed.
. . . I'm glad that the truth is finally coming out now, because it's true – It is part of the leakage of information that has been long suppressed.
Yes. There's one part of it in the back that I found disturbing, some writings by a Paul M -- -- , who says that in the state of New Mexico the government has given over certain labs to alien beings who are responsible for cattle mutilations, and the abduction of women and things of that sort.
That was upsetting because I don't fully understand all of the ramifications. We understand what you are saying.
For now we will say there is some exaggeration to that idea, but we are not allowed to comment.
I do not mean to seem mysterious about this, but it is simply not allowed. All we can suggest is that the idea serves your population in a beneficial way, and is not exactly as it has been described.
Some other information has come up through a writer named George, who said it was channeled to him by some entities who were engaged in an ongoing conflict with other beings, and that Sirius was also involved.
This had been going on for some time. This is not a conflict, as you understand the term, but only the idea of the created pressure of intersecting dimensional realities.
It is something that does not translate very well into your physiological terminology.
So there's no war conflict? There are a few legendary stories about our government having in fact shot down some spacecraft – such as the story about Hangar 18.
Now, it was not literally shot down, although there have been attempts of such nature.
Of those that do exist, the one specifically referred to, as the Hangar 18 scenario was a craft of Zeta Reticulum origin, exploring an area of your planet during a storm with high electrical activity.
Your radar installation at that time had the ability to interfere with navigational guidance systems of those craft – although this is no longer true now.
In interfering with the guidance systems, in altering the shape of the protective field around the craft, it created portions of the metallic hull of the craft to be vulnerable to the electrical storm; it was struck and knocked out, then recovered and retrieved by your government.
That was in July of your year 1947. There have been several similar incidents, and some attempts have been made to utilize the same radar effect upon other craft, so in that sense you can say, "Shot down." But not with the idea of missiles, bullets, or anything of that nature.
There have been a couple of rare occurrences where certain utilizations of your more typical weaponry have caused malfunction, but not to any great degree.
But yes, your government has possession of several craft and remnants thereof. That particular craft is still in pieces under surveillance in many different areas of your country – but primarily near the area of Virginia.
Were there beings aboard? Yes. Were they alive! No, not in that first crash. And what was the value they got out of creating that reality in their lives?
You have now been initiated on the 40-year cycle that allows you to begin to be brought into the Association of civilizations.
Whether they were conscious of what they were doing or not, the incident began a series of events in your civilization that has brought you now to the understanding you have, and the ability to join the Association.
Many circumstances will occur that may seem on the surface to be accidental. What did those beings look like?
They were the type of Zeta Reticuli we mentioned earlier – about 3 to 3-1/2 feet tall, enlarged heads, no hair, very large black eyes.
They have very thin bodies, almost no mouth, almost no nose, almost no ears, very long and slender, pastyish-white skin.
Other types from that civilization have beige or tan skin, or sometimes very dark grey-green skin.
Let me remind each and every one of you that regardless of the scenario – I'm not saying it had to be that way – still there is a timing for everything.
Those beings, in their own highest understanding, know that they have served a purpose by allowing themselves to interact with your society, even at the cause of their own physical death .
For they have accelerated your awareness on many levels, and made it very possible for us to be speaking with you today – simply because of that interaction.
Billy Meier In this past month I visited a Swiss citizen, Billy Meier, who has had an eleven- year ongoing encounter with UFO contacts – with the Pleiadians.
To some degree, not as much lately as you might think. His last encounter was in August of this year.
His original mission was to make all the UFO contacts and information known to the world.
Yes. And it was done. It was done. However, he has had nothing but regrets for doing this.
Yes, because of the reactions of your society. They've been very bad. He's had another attempt on his life, and is in seclusion.
But I did get to see him. All right. That is why to some degree – not in a very strongly accelerated manner, but to some degree – some of the Pleiadians are also contacting other individuals as well.
But do understand that Billy chose to be one of the vanguards, one of the forerunners who would take the brunt of the ridicule.
Many things have become twisted; much of the information is now no longer reliable, because it has been interspersed with false information.
But the ice has been broken. The job has been done to some degree, and in a very real way Billy can relax a lot more than he thinks.
Now information is being spread to other individuals. He is not bearing the brunt alone.
Although he may have created for himself a little bit of a rut where he thinks he is burdened by the entire weight, he is not.
Some of the things he is experiencing now are due to his own reactions of becoming caught up in the idea of the intrigue – which he did to some degree bring out in other people.
But it does not necessarily have to be quite so strongly focused in that area at this time, for he is no longer bearing the brunt of the entire dispersal of the information.
Yes. But very recently there was a two-hour broadcast, which was on national television in this country.
While the program seemed to be very informative on UFOs, the announcer did make a statement that of course the Billy Meier story was a hoax.
We understand, yes. That statement was made based on certain information that they did not research thoroughly.
It was based on information that has come to light, to some degree, to discredit that particular idea.
Understand that they could say no more than that because they had no more information than that.
The purpose of the program was to focus on the idea of the interactions between your society and the society that is called Zeta Reticuli, anyway.
Those were comments that were made because they felt they were necessary to add into the idea.
But there really was no information or research that was done. That statement in a sense was quite off-handed.
While this does not take into account all of the facts, the statement was based on the idea that at one point in the contact of the Pleiadians with Billy, when some of the photographs were taken, Billy constructed a model so that photographs of it could be taken to see if there was any difference between photographs of the model and photographs of the real ships.
The idea was that it could be proven that photographs of the model could be detected as such, by knowing that those photographs were photographs of the real ship because of the difference in quality between the two.
That's absolutely correct. The model was found and taken to be proof that Billy Meier had faked all of the photographs.
The statement made on that program was based on that and other assumptions. That is why they could not really go much into it – they had not really done their research.
As we said, the purpose of the program was more to familiarize your society with one of the strongest contacts going on now between your society and the Zeta Reticuli, and that it did.
Space Travel Bashar, can you travel to any space and time? Absolutely. So it's completely limitless?
Absolutely. Because space and time are your own definitions. You see, we understand that an object does not exist within time and space, but that space/time are properties of the object, and can be changed.
In a sense, that's how our spacecraft travel. They are projected into astral material, and then they are redefined with a vibration that represents the space/time locale we wish them to be at.
They are then reinserted into physical materiality at whatever locale is representative of that vibrational equation – having in a sense avoided the issue of travel altogether.
Instantaneous teleportation. It is not really breaking the speed of light; it is not traveling within your dimension at all.
Have you dealt with magnetic drive at any point? There are some forms, fluctuations of electromagnetism, within some of the ideas of drive.
It is not purely electromagnetic exactly, but more the idea of gravitational dynamic tenser fields.
Can the ships go into the water? Oh yes, and very often they do Remember, something that can travel in space where there is no air can very easily go under water.
Since our ships use electromagnetic energy, we do not have to worry about the idea of rocket flames and fuel and the like.
There are no openings in our craft for water to get in or air to get out. Therefore we can go where and when we wish.
Our ships can also create a particular type of vibration that puts us out of phase with solid matter so that they can go into that solid matter or through it – or into other dimensions within it.
Does your space ship relate to you in the form of thought, Bashar? Yes, in a sense.
The mind of the pilot is connected to the mind of the ship. If I were a pilot here, and wanted to transfer from this system to your system, what thoughts or ideas would I feed into my computer?
The feeling that you have of us. That is the vibration. How you would recognize us is the vibration.
You can always key off of any single individual such as myself, since my vibration is of my system.
In using that vibration to key off of any particular person in any particular system, could I then easily go from system to system just by signaling in on that particular entity?
Yes. It is like the tuning of your radio. You get what you switch the dial to. I'd be running up and down the dial there.
Do understand, that this is what you do when you are out of your body in your sleep state anyway.
You become the vibration and there you are, instantaneously. The spacecraft is only an extension of the consciousness that represents the same idea in physiological symbolic terms.
But it is still only an extension of the consciousness. I was aware of that, but I didn’t know how to construct one, or how I would deal with traveling.
Well, you also create the idea of the so-called, self-aware mentality, or consciousness of the spacecraft, because the spacecraft can also hear you.
It is completely and totally keyed to your vibration, and thus responsive to it – and only to yours.
In that you said that the mind of the pilot is connected with the control mechanism of the ship, could you give me an example of, say, plotting from one system to another system, how the pilot would do that?
Yes. There is the creation of the isolation field around and about the craft, which isolates that field from any one particular universe, thus opening up its navigational banks to all probable universes, which are, represented by their signature frequency vibrations.
The pilot, being intuitive, and simply tapping into the internal imagination dimension, picks the frequency he desires.
This is imparted through the navigational spectrum of the ship, which then views the entire ship with that vibrational frequency.
Thus when the isolation field is removed, the ship by definition must take up residence within the universe that represents the vibrational frequency.
Time Travel You say you create your isolation field around your spacecraft, and redefine the space/time coordinates to relocate to another place.
Can you define the space/time coordinates in such a way as to transport back to what we call our past or our future?
That is, can you move to planet Earth in the 15th century? Yes. Space/time is one thing.
Traveling in space is traveling in time; traveling in time is traveling in space.
It is one thing. However, recognize that everything will still fit in place, even from the apparent linear point of view.
So any apparent changes that may appear to take place within any previous time track you came from, will actually not be taking place in that literal time track, but in one parallel to it.
So exactly what do you experience? The effect is basically the same. In other words, you could step into your craft and go back in time.
If you are assuming that you wish to change the way something happened, then to make that change, you can go back to the exact same time track where you left off.
There will be no apparent change, because that's not what happened in your current time track, but the change can be made there, forming an alternate time track by definition.
The change, so to speak, is not a change. It is part of the normal history of a parallel time track.
So if you wish to see the effect of the so-called change, you must go to the future or go back to the present of the parallel time track, where you made the change.
Somewhat. You have time track A, time track B. Time track A is your time track, let us say, your history.
Time track B is another history altogether. Everything is occurring simultaneously.
Let us say time track A and time track B are very similar. The idea, leaving this point in your time track A, is that if you go back to the supposed past, you are actually going into the idea of another time track, and being a part of its history in a natural progressive way.
Now, you cannot actually literally change your own past in the same linear coordinate system.
When you "change your past," you are simply shifting gears into another time that contains that ability to change, so you will have the experience of that change in your new present.
You cannot change history. More correctly, you alter yourself to another history that is appropriately representative of the change you desired to make.
And the same applies to moving to the future? Yes. Isolation Field How exactly do you create the isolation field?
It is a microwave energy effect that is an alteration of light, stepped up many magnitudes above what you typically think of as an electrical discharge.
It is dispersed through the hull of the craft, through various devices after the light is stepped up by other various devices – one of which we call the flash matrix – which incorporates many different elements.
The isolation field is a microwave effect. Microwave generation at that high rate of speed will disconnect any object within the bubble from the universe in which it existed.
This is because you match the vibrational frequency of the speed of light itself in a very highly condensed way.
The speed of light being the barrier limit that represents physical dimensionality.
When you create around your craft a wall or a shell made of light, the very substance of the physical universe, then within that shell you have created a bubble, a hole, in that universe.
You are redirecting the light, out of which everything is made, around you rather than through you.
You are now sustained by the primal template universe, which exists on a completely different frequency far above and beyond the frequency of light.
Therefore, in that universe you literally are everything at once. So you can be anywhere and anywhen you want to be.
Can this be done with our technology now? Yes. How do you do it – have a piece of matter bombarded with microwaves?
No. Listen to your media; read your literature. Many individuals are working on this idea now, beginning to explore and experiment and they will come out with public notification of many of these ideas.
Basically, it involves the idea of counter-rotational masses that are highly magnetically charged.
These will generate, in a fundamental way the field of which we are speaking – fundamental enough to allow the isolation to take place.
More sophisticated control will come from the generation of these fields through more highly conductive materials.
Navigation My curiosity is: when you're traveling in interstellar space, do you navigate in other ways beside the stars?
Or do you also have to take into account the magnetic – We do not navigate by the stars at all; except that we recognize patterns and charts of where it is we wish to go.
But the idea of our navigation is primarily through tonal vibration. As we have described briefly, the idea in our understanding is that objects are, in and of themselves, vibrational equations, and location is one of the variables in that equation.
Therefore we have created a grid, if you will, a holographic three-dimensional spherical map, that plots out the extrapolated vibrations of any particular distance from any particular point.
So, then you're looking at your different points of reference as vibrational frequencies.
Oh, absolutely! Now, we do have a type of call-out reference; put into your language, you can consider the idea to be a sphere.
If you have a circle, a plane in the middle of and intersecting that sphere, it can be referred to as the galactic ecliptic, the plane of the galaxy, if you wish – or simply "G.E." Therefore, if you bisect it with a line, that line from the center towards you through your world would be considered zero.
The one away from you is 180 degrees , either 180 degrees starboard or 180 degrees port.
If you have the sphere, the top is positive, the bottom is negative. Thus you perhaps also have rings from the center, or what we call radials from the center out.
So any particular distance from the center will be at such and such a radial. Then you determine the angle, either positive and/or negative.
And that tells you where you are in three locations. But that is within our computers as a vibratory equation.
Therefore, as we create the isolation field around our craft that unlocks us from any particular vibratory universe, and imposes, through the harmonics of light, the new vibrational equation upon the craft, when we reinsert the craft into any particular reality, it will automatically take up residence at that location represented by the vibratory signature frequency.
It has not really traveled the distance, but simply removed itself from that reality and redeposited itself at that particular other location.
Then as far as the magnetosphere of our planet, or any other planets, do you have to make calculations or adjustments?
Because once we are traveling within any particular reality, we then must navigate by the gravitational dynamic tenser field, the electromagnetic field, the masses of stars and planets within that particular reality, if it contains them.
And then when you get closer to our planet, for instance, you would be subject to our compass, our magnetic pull?
Not unless we removed the gravitational field from around our craft. Each and every spacecraft has its own gravitational bubble; that is why our craft can be completely perpendicular to your world, and yet we still feel as if we are facing "down" when we stand on our floor.
This is exciting to be asking you questions like this, because I think some other level of my intelligence is speaking here.
I've never had any chemistry or engineering training at all Me neither. Our science, our engineering, our technology in that sense is mostly intuition.
I would like some more of the technical picture of the fluidity of your craft that was portrayed in flight – of the navigator that was in the channel's memory banks.
It is mostly the interior that is fluid, not so much the exterior. In its constructed, or molecular density, is it made of metal?
It is more of a crystalline metallic form that is grown. Could you give me the molecular counterpart in the gradient to us creating that here?
It is a metallic crystalline state refined by a cold fusion process. You do not yet have the technology for this.
It is instilled, or programmed, to act in a holographic fashion, and when certain types of current are introduced into that crystalline metallic matrix, it takes upon itself the form of the identity with which it is infused, and becomes crystallized according to that template.
When the template is removed, it collapses back into its original state until another template is introduced in electrical form.
But this goes on at very deep atomic levels concerning the actual interactions between subatomic particles.
As we perceive it, it will be a while before you even have the support systems necessary to create this type of effect.
How do you create the substance? It is, once again, grown upon the energy templates that we create.
Once we have refined the particular substance, it is then grown, molecule by molecule, atom by atom, along the lines of the energy template we lay down for it to grow upon.
Field Trip And now let us take you on a field trip to the Solar Wind, our mother ship.
. . . Close your eyes. In your mentality, have the picture of the room you have created around you, and envision each individual, all of you together, all at once, surrounded by a blue crystalline bubble of energy.
This bubble is your elevator, your ship. Relax and allow yourselves now to become the devices within the ship that activate it.
Leave the idea of your earthly devices and tools behind; pay attention to them no more.
You are the transference point; you are the ship. Allow yourselves to recognize that the crystalline shell is quite transparent; you can see through it and you can see the room.
In whatever way works best for you, in your imagination feel and see at the same time the room around you dissolve into a gray, fog-like state.
You are all now together in this ship; you are all linked and you are all breathing the same energy.
Breathe it in three times deeply and prepare yourselves. Align yourselves; assimilate yourselves; unite yourselves.
Feel the connection; feel that while you are individuals, every single other individual in this craft is you!
– an extension of you, an expression of you, a facet of you. You are all one, one master crystal.
And this crystal, in allowing the white light of your consciousness to glow within its very core, within its very heart, now comes alight with life and light, energizing the entire crystalline craft and rising above the Earth – higher and higher into the upper atmosphere, into what you call space.
Rising, you look down below. You see out of the fog now everything clearing into brilliant space, black with white stars everywhere.
You see the beautiful Earth below you, shining like the jewel that it is, in the velvet curtain of deepest space, and you send your love.
You see and feel and taste and hear the love of the Earth that is supporting you, that is extending you on its arm, extending you on your journey out into space.
You are riding on the crest of the wave of the heart of your planet. Now as it offers to you the jewels of space, you look up.
You see suspended in space before you a long cylindrical metallic object. It is approximately a mile in length.
You allow yourselves now to see an opening in the side of this metallic object, wider and wider as you approach.
You enter that opening, and as it closes below you, you are surrounded by a whiteness.
You may sense in that whiteness, here and there, solid or nebulous, consciousness peering at you, smiling with you, loving with you, fading in and out – out of the milky whiteness.
But laughing and sharing joy all around. Allow yourselves to know that you can now begin to explore any area in any way, any aspect of this ship you so desire.
There will always be someone with you in some capacity. You will also always be connected and feel the experiences of every other person you came with.
Now you are exiting the bubble and entering the milky whiteness of the ship, exploring and breathing the new atmosphere.
Feel the gentle touches and caresses of the beingness all around you. Scatter and explore; enjoy and become fascinated by what you discover.
Taste, touch, hear, feel, see, marvel. Recognize that you are sharing and participating in the creation of a multitude of worlds.
Experience and take to heart these experiences. Whether or not it appears to make sense to you, allow yourselves to interpret, in whatever way you so desire, the different chambers and areas of the ship.
Let yourselves have the opportunity to recognize that in a very real way you are projecting astrally a portion of your consciousness.
And that you are going to be funneling that information back to your idea of your earthly selves, incorporating that information into your very molecular structure.
You will be feeding this information into the atmosphere around you, and when you carry this atmosphere back to your planet Earth, you will release the information and energy on your planet – to change the very air that you breathe, to change the very energy that sustains you.
Explore to your heart's content. Feel the vibrant pulse of life and light, for it is light itself, which powers the vessel, and all vessels like it.
It is the very heart and soul of the movement of space and time through the central core of this ship that creates the illusion of the ship's motion through all the dimensions of reality.
Now be aware of the whereabouts of each other. Gather yourselves back together into your docking bay, into the milky whiteness.
Feel all the caresses and the kisses that are given to you from heart to heart and soul to soul.
As you form your craft round and about you in its crystalline beauty, and the iris opens below you, allow yourselves to drift back outside the hull into space and begin your travel toward planet Earth.
Recognize now, as you bid farewell, that this is not goodbye, that this experience is directly with you now, and it always shall be.
And as you look down through the crystalline bottom of your energy craft, you see once again the beauty of the jewel of your Earth.
Recognize that it is in every way truly a new world to explore in all of its unlimited fascination and facets.
You are eager to allow the atmosphere of the new crystalline reality that you know you are participating within to burst upon contact with your Earth and allow the shards of brilliant seed-like beauty to go scattering everywhere, reflecting the beautiful light of your central star.
And as you sink gently back to Earth, see your feet gently touch the ground. Send roots deep down to drink of the nourishment of the fluid of the life and light of your home world, while knowing that all worlds are your home world.
Know that the life you are, the Earth you are, is the nourishment that will allow you to grow toward the light as high as you wish to go.
Know that every one of you have incorporated the information of the experience in your own way, encoded it within you, and it will release in its own fashion, after your own kind.
And that much of your dream reality can become quite vivid and vibrant. There may be more release, more malleability, more recognition that life around you is but what you dream it to be.
Allow yourselves to know that it was a real experience, and that you have projected a portion of yourselves aboard that craft.
In every way there is still, and always will be, a portion of yourselves aboard that craft that we will share, that you will share together with us.
We thank you for your participation, and we will allow you to remember: All reunions are simply awakenings to the union that already exists everywhere, everywhen.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN Zeta and the Legacy Intruders (Note: Ken, our video cameraman, often left his camera for a brief encounter with Bashar, usually starting it off with a joke.) What's happening, dude?
Everything All at once. Life, right? Yes. Hey, Bashar, I understand that on your planet your people have white/whitish- gray skin.
Yes. Okay. Well, if you'd be willing to share with us your spacecraft technology...
Now, we already have, to some degree, but as you know, it is not yet the right timing.
Well, I was going to say, in order to accelerate that timing, we would be happy to share our sun-tanning technologies with you.
No, thank you. Okay. That's a joke, anyway. Yes. I've just finished reading Intruders, by Bud Hopkins, which I believe you know of – a book which talks about the encounters that several people on our planet have had with extraterrestrials abductions, where they have been taken aboard the craft – At this time we would suggest a replacement for that term.
Rather than abductions, perhaps . . . "detainments." Detainments, okay. Anyway, they underwent examinations of various kinds.
The account in the book indicated that there was some pain and discomfort and a lot of fear created on the part of the detainees.
Yes. Generally the fear is what creates the pain and discomfort. There usually is no real inherent pain or discomfort in the interaction – except what is caused by the fear.
Part of the reasons for those interactions is to release those fears, so there will no longer be any form of fear, pain or discomfort in your lives.
That is one of the reasons for those interactions. They are all being made by agreement, even though your conscious minds may not remember those agreements.
Some of the pain has been physical pain, in that there have been probes placed up into the nostrils.
Yes. Some of this is physical, and some of it is not. Some of it is such a strong telepathic idea that you think it is physical.
Knowing that these people have agreed to have these interactions, then since they have agreed, why are they still creating the fear?
And then corollary to that: one of the detainees said, "We wouldn't really mind it if the aliens would just come out and say, 'Hey, would you be willing to do this?
And we would be. They don't have to abduct us. "... That made a lot of sense to me.
Yes. Understand, of course, that the agreements are usually unconscious; that is part of the reason.
Many times, as long as the agreements are unconscious, an individual may consciously say, "Oh well, wouldn't it be nice if it were to happen this way?" But when it comes right down to it, the fear comes up anyway.
Well, if the agreements are unconscious, can they not also be done consciously? Obviously on your behalf, not yet.
Otherwise there would be no fear – for the fear is an indication that it cannot yet be done consciously.
Yet there is this request on the part of at least one of the interviewed detainees that the aliens come out and make a conscious request.
Yes, but that is after the fact. True. Well, what I’m also doing here is suggesting that these agreements start being made on a conscious level – and perhaps you can be our ambassador – They are doing so more and more.
Do understand one very important thing: all the individuals who have been chosen – even those who seem to go through abject terror – are actually quite close to integrating the last remnants of their fears.
We are choosing all those who are very close indeed to the end of having fear. So you may realize that when you see them having that much fear, if that's an indication of a small part of the total fear that your society has, just imagine if someone were to be chosen who had more fears than that!
So the individuals we are choosing are the ones, many times, who are the closest to integration, the closest to conscious recognition.
And yet they still have that amount of fear. I see. Are these individuals also helping to drain off the fears of the rest of us through themselves!
Yes! They have agreed to do this for all of you. That is why they are now sharing their experiences – so you can "vicariously" go through their "ordeal" with them, get in touch with the fear left within you and integrate it.
Then the next series of interactions can become more and more conscious. Okay. I am contemplating sending a copy of this tape to the guy who wrote the book.
By all means. Do you have any final comments that you'd like to communicate to him and to his people in the book?
Only that we appreciate that he is doing what he agreed to do. And he is making a difference in the ability of your entire planet to allow your society and our respective societies to live in harmony with each other.
Communion Bashar, I've been under this dark cloud after reading a couple of books recently.
One of them is a brand new book called Communion, by Whitley Strieber. That initial reaction is not unusual for your society.
But no need to fear. All the fear that you may experience in the idea of those interactions basically stems from that individual experiencing those interactions and allowing himself to release the fears that have been planted in his life.
And also, nothing has happened in those interactions that the individual did not agree to at some point in his life – although granted it is on an unconscious level.
Everything is done by agreement – everything! Those extraterrestrials were assisting that individual in releasing much of that fear.
Thus at this time he is very much aware of what the purpose of that idea was. I'm not saying he has come to terms with all of his fears, but he understands that the fear he felt was basically from himself, not from them.
Now, those beings have interacted with many beings on your world. One of their primary functions, per the agreements they have made with many of you, is to assist you in releasing your fear.
It may be a very fearful process while you go through it, but you agreed to experience it.
You know what you are doing. All you need to do, if you find yourself in that interaction, is to trust that you know what you are doing.
The more trust and love you have, the less you will feel the interaction in a format of fear.
That's all it takes. Remember, a higher vibratory state exposing itself to a lower vibratory state will raise the vibration of the lower being to force it to face many things it has not been willing to face within itself, and that is what the being is terrified of.
But that being is dealing with it, integrating the fear and transforming it into positive understanding.
That has been one of the purposes for those interactions, because it was understood that that being, that author, would communicate his experiences, allowing other individuals to come to terms with their own fears, so that by the next wave of interactions there would be less fear to integrate.
I understand that, but my reaction was that the book might be scaring more people than it is uplifting.
That's all right, because it will still allow them to face certain ideas, to come to terms with them.
And again, these things are done with agreements do not forget. Your entire planet on one level is agreeing to this particular type of teaching.
It doesn't have to happen that way; it's completely up to your world as to whether or not it will wake up or be shaken awake.
Well, I think that that book has perhaps dis-advanced the progression, because it's sort of creating the opposite effect of, for instance, your teachings.
No. I understand what you are saying, but there are many individuals who cannot relate to the idea in any other way.
Therefore, they have been given the tools that will work best for them. True, it isn't for everyone, but it will hit those who need it.
And do not necessarily view it as a disvalue, because then you will reinforce the inability of certain people to absorb it.
Know that it will evolve where it needs to. It has already awakened many. How does if serve the extraterrestrials to contact us in what appears to be frightening ways – at least to our conscious minds?
Understand that different individuals in different cultures have different methods; different cultures think and perceive in different ways.
The intention is always there to be felt for what it is, and the Zeta's intentions can always be sensed to be loving in an overall way.
The methodology through which those intentions are expressed, however, can and do seem alien to you.
Their thought patterns are alien to yours, and so there is that fear, that dichotomy, that often crops up in your society when you see something that is extremely different from you.
It is not so much that they have an absolute desire to approach you in specific methods that will generate fear.
It is just that because of your methods, their natural methods do in fact generate it.
They are not necessarily about to alter their entire psychological structure to accommodate you beyond a certain point.
They know you can handle it, and they know you have agreed to learn how to handle it.
Learning to do so is one part of the agreement, a part about which many of you are not aware.
Yes, I can see that, because there's a point in the book at which he says to one of them, "You have no right.
And she says, "Yes we do.” Yes. The right was granted by the agreement that was made.
Many individuals on your planet do wish that contact with us and other civilizations.
These Reticulum beings are primarily doing the job of acclimatizing many individuals on your world in ways that are buffered.
Even though the individuals may experience many degrees of fear, it is actually a far smoother transition than they would have experienced had the alien beings simply come to them straight out first time full blown.
Bit by bit these individuals have been contacted over long periods of their lives, many times from when they were children.
And bit-by-bit they are allowed to remember more and more of the interaction until they get to a point where they realize there is nothing to fear.
They can handle it, and then the contact can occur more openly and more obviously.
I thought it was very significant that every person to whom Strieber talked who had had a similar experience – even though some of them were still frightened, and didn't know if they were going crazy, or if it was their imagination or what – still in spite of all that, they felt love and affection.
Yes. At this point in their lives. To put it simply: the aliens are acting within their integrity to the best of their ability, but they are not responsible for the way you have created your society to be, and the reactions that you often have.
You have made the agreement; they are fulfilling the agreement. They are doing it in the way that is easiest for you.
As we have said, when you encounter those beings, for the first time in your conscious life perhaps, you will actually get a reflection on how powerful you are.
Any fear that might come from that is merely a reaction to the belief that you cannot possibly contain that much power.
And therefore, "It isn't coming from you, and so it might destroy you.” But it can't.
It is an absolute reflection of you – and that is what you are learning. Fear's Message So how do you stop letting fear control you and take over your life?
Know it is your friend. It is giving you messages. "Tap, tap. Look here! Here's a part of yourself you didn't know existed: I'm bringing it to your attention.
Isn't that wonderful? Now that you are aware of it, you can integrate it into the rest of you and be more of who you are.
Haven't I done you a wonderful service?" “No?!? What do you mean you didn't want to see that part of yourself?
I thought you wanted to see everything there was to see, experience every facet of the multidimensional existence that you are.
Do you not want to integrate it in yourself so that you can accelerate? . . . You're not sure?
Well, all right. I'll hang around until you are sure, until you allow me to deliver the message.
Of course, as long as I hang around, you might as well feed me, pay for my meals, allow me to grow and become a live-in.
I'll get stronger and stronger and nag you constantly until you allow me to deliver my message so I can get out of here." That is the only reason fear is there – because you do not allow it to deliver the message it brings; because you attempt to reject the message, thinking it is something not worth having.
Well, if fear is delivering a message, I don't always know what the message is. I would rather have the message than the fear.
Well now, I am not saying this is something that carries any more power than you do, but many of you have put much stock in the belief of habits.
And so because you believe things can happen in your lives habitually, as second nature, without even knowing you are doing it, then many times you do not even realize you are rejecting the message coming from the fear, and doing so before you can even think about it.
You do not pay attention quickly enough. Therefore, it is a matter of allowing yourselves to know that the messages are there, that you can hear them.
Even allowing yourselves to be fascinated by the fact that the fear might be bringing a message can curtail or dull the negativity – just because you might be fascinated enough to say, "Well, what is the message!” The minute you become curious, no more fear.
Could you give me an example of what kind of message a fear would bring! Well, one such as this: you are walking down one of your streets.
Someone walks up to you, and all of a sudden you are fearful. "What do they want?
What do they want? Why are they bothering me? I do not want to be accosted. Are they going to rob me?
What do they want?" "Excuse me, do you have the time?" "Oh! Good bye." "Why was I so fearful?
Why was I so automatically fearful without knowing anything at all? "Assumptions and structures that you build.
Habits that you believe in. The message is there that lets you know that reaction shows you the beliefs you have within you, structures within you that you may not prefer.
That may be the message. If you do not prefer to live that way, then you have now allowed yourselves to let the fear show you these beliefs are within you.
Now you can change them. That is one way you can allow fear to deliver a message.
Yes. Of course, there is a situation where a guy does have a gun under his coat – Yes.
So? Fear is really telling you to get out of there! All right now, once again: understand that that situation can occur that way, but it also does not have to.
The idea of knowing your reality, and knowing it without fear, can give you the cognition that the event is there.
But you know it will not affect you in any negative way. Cognition of a situation does not have to create fear.
True. But what I'm saying is that sometimes the sensation of a fear comes up, and I go, "Well, look at that.
That's neat." And I find that I'm able not to feel fearful because I'm in the moment, and I know that there will be a positive outcome.
So, if that does occur, then what is the message? Or have I just made the message unnecessary?
Yes. The minute you begin to become curious, you have gotten the message. The idea of many of the fears is to simply spur your curiosity to begin exploring that facet of yourself.
That is all. It is a gentle reminder. And the more you are willing to explore, the gentler the nudges become, until you just do not experience that fear anymore.
Again, it is simply the idea of little bits and pieces of beliefs and remnants. That is all.
Little twinges of old habits. But as soon as you acknowledge that it is something worth exploring .
. . no more habit. So in the case where the guy does come up and he's got a gun, and his initial intention was to rob you or whatever, you will experience the fear and say, "Okay, I can just view this as a positive thing." That will flip us into the dimension where we co-create – It can happen that way.
It can also allow you to not come anywhere near that individual, and vice versa. Well, I'm saying he's two feet in front of me – But understand: you are missing the point.
Not that it cannot switch in the middle of the idea. But generally speaking, you do not usually need to have that particular type of scenario to know that if you create your reality in a certain vibration, you will never meet that robber at all.
He will take one street, and you will take another. You will not have to come down to the idea of the confrontation at all .
. . although that may be one way individuals may find an exciting way to come to terms with what they believe in the moment.
It is certainly valid if they create it, and it has happened. Well, it sounds like what you're saying is that in the case of my going down a street other than the one he goes down, I've already dealt with my fears.
Yes, that is the point. If you are using the situation to allow the fear to be there in order to deal with it, then yes, you can transform the situation right in the middle.
Therefore recognize that if that is what you are willing to do, then the individual you have attracted is someone willing to change with you.
And so, in a sense, it has already been changed. The Facilitators (With Bashar’s facilitation the following was channeled through Darryl, later being identified as "The Facilitators" from the Zeta Reticulum.) The fear within you can be a tangible thing at times.
We extend in whatever way you will perceive it our thanks for allowing us to evoke this fear from you.
For in evoking this fear, you give yourselves the opportunity to experience that which you have locked within yourselves, that which creates a vibration, which is not conducive to our interaction with you in an easy manner.
We thank you for allowing us to unlock this fear from you. For the temporary time you feel this fear, there will be a greater time of joy in your futures.
We are The Facilitators, and we thank you for allowing us the opportunity to function in this modality with you.
We are your friends. You may not know us well yet, but you are beginning to. It is true that you have the capability, as do all beings within creation, of recognizing your own godhood.
We choose to recognize our godhood in our own way – collectively, and you choose to recognize your godhood in your own way – individually.
Not that we are not individuals; not that you are not a collective, but we are mirror expressions in many ways of the things that are feared within each other – or have been feared until now.
In allowing us to participate in the release of your fear, you give us the opportunity to give to all things past, within our civilization, and all the ideas of the fears of our own individuality that we have faced.
You give us the opportunity to realize how that fear can be expressed in the individuals you are.
As you look into our eyes, you will recognize only the mirror of your own soul and the potential of your own godhood.
There is nothing in this to fear. But we thank you for allowing yourselves to feel that fear – even temporarily.
For as you feel it, you will own it, and as you own it, you will transform it. For you have been told by many beings in various ways that you cannot transform what you do not own.
In realizing the mirrors of your own souls that you see in our eyes, allow yourselves the opportunity to accept and acknowledge your willingness to own the very idea, the very core, the vibration, that you call fear.
Recognize it as those things you have shunted from yourselves in the many years you have lived on your planet, and for the various years and centuries we have been observing you.
We thank you for your release; we thank you for your blending. We thank you for your agreements above and beyond all that allow us to participate in the modality we are used to.
We thank you for allowing us to be part of the exploration and the awakening of your world.
We thank you for allowing us to help lift your eyelids to a new dawn and a new day.
We thank you for allowing that new dawn and that new day to be something in which we will also participate with many other worlds – in our own good timing.
We thank you for allowing us to present to you the calling card of membership within The Association of Worlds.
You will find it an exhilarating experience, we guarantee you. Recognize that all you may be passing through now, what you call fear, is a passing thing – truly a passing thing.
Surely it will become the stuff of your legends; surely it will be something you will not be able to fathom as having been able to experience – in a very short time on your world.
It will be the stuff of nightmares, and it will be as if you have truly awakened from a dream – and into another dream you prefer to dream.
We thank you for allowing us to be the windows of the eyes into your own souls, for you are only looking into that which is your own godhood, your own potential.
We thank you for allowing us to open your eyes as widely. We meet upon the plane of understanding.
The Zeta Mirror Bashar, I recently had a real interesting meditation, where I found myself apparently hovering over a planet – All right.
Describe; define. The people looked similar to Essassanians, but I got the feeling they were not.
They were a much paler white, although about Essassanian size. But they were sickly.
Something was happening to the planet. It was being destroyed and they were having to leave, or something of that nature.
And it was very intense for me, because I felt very much like it was my people, or I had been there, and my heart was aching.
All right, let us say this: more than the idea that they are your people, you have very strongly tapped into certain things that are happening on your planet, certain reasons for why these things are going on.
You are very tuned into the transformation that is taking place; you know the part those people are playing in interacting with your society.
To some degree what you are perceiving is the Zeta society. You are perceiving, from your point of view, a sickliness – because the idea is that they do, in fact, require something from your civilization, even as your civilization needs something from theirs.
The blending that is going on is going on for many reasons, but one of the most important ones is that in very many ways you do need each other to be what you are becoming.
You see, they represent one side, the unified mind, which you do not understand, and you represent the other side, the individual conviction, which they do not understand.
They have something like a hive mentality, wherein all the bodies are representations of a unified linked mind.
They are more of a mass mind, something many of you fear greatly. You are far more individualistic, which is something they fear greatly.
The sickliness is because they know that to some degree they are dying without you.
And that is why the interaction is going on. From their point of view – were you to look at it the other way – you might see your planet as harboring the same kind of sickliness.
Does this mean this type of interaction will continue! It will continue. And there will be more blending, as we perceive that idea.
More and more information will come out, making it that much more easy for more blending to take place, until you allow yourselves to become whole within your own beings.
And then you can allow each other to be reflections of the wholeness that you have become.
So in a sense they're mirroring us? Oh, yes! They are polar to you, but they are mirroring you.
It is very profound – all these different levels on which your first official encounter with extraterrestrial consciousness is taking place.
For you, then, I will simply suggest pleasant dreams, for you are being of assistance in the dream level in ways that you may not yet be aware of, but which you may become aware of very strongly within the next three years.
Thank you Bashar. Thank you very much for being the teacher that you have chosen to be.
The Legacy Bashar, you say you're Darryl’s future self – 'Tis one-way of looking at it, yes.
But it seems like you would be a definition in Darryl’s consciousness of his higher self.
And then you, as Bashar, are created as Darryl’s symbols. In many ways that is so.
As we have said, the reality that your world has always called real – the physical reality – is a particular vibratory wavelength.
The vibratory wavelength that your reality has always considered to be unreal is actually the level we exist in.
The level of dream, the level of etheric energy, is our solid reality. Therefore we are very intertwined with your imagination, your archetypal energy.
You therefore have already unveiled a portion of the legacy. We are very much representative of your archetypal stream of consciousness.
Now, that does not mean we do not have our own existence. It is only that your society is beginning to truly understand that what for you has been a fantasy realm is our real substantial dimension of existence.
Now you are accelerating to meet that dimension of existence, where you will in a sense become someone else's dream, someone else's fantasy to their reality, respectively.
Yes, I am concocted out of all the ideas of the symbology of the channel's mind. That is how you experience me in your world.
At the same time I have my own existence. Although it doesn't exactly parallel the way it happens for you, in very many ways I could say that I know you and your civilization are concocted out of my symbology.
* * * And now let us express the idea to you that we have termed, "The Legacy." Listen to us with all the different types of ears you have.
Take us on one level literally, and yet take us not literally at all. For we are now entering a true phase of the construction of dreamtime.
As we have mentioned before, the understanding is that you exist on an energy level, just as we do.
All things are made of the same energy, but there are different frequencies. Our frequency of reality to you is the idea of dream reality, etheric reality.
Many individuals on your planet have referred to extraterrestrial consciousness as etherean consciousness.
This is to some degree quite accurate. It is why it is basically easier for us to communicate with you in this manner than it is to use your physiological radio devices.
For we operate on that frequency not al all! Biological senders and receivers are far more efficient and usable, once they are trained to identify with the energy of love and acceptance.
The energy of light links all mentality, as you are linked not only to every member in your own civilization, but to all other civilizations as well – sometimes in very specific ways to play out very specific ideas.
We have been allowed at times to briefly discuss with you some of the notions for some of the interactions taking place on your planet that you have called abductions – which we have chosen to call, as we said, temporary detainments.
We have also reminded you that these interactions between your species and the alien species we have referred to as the Zeta Reticuli are all done through absolute agreement, even though on your part many of these agreements may be done unconsciously.
And they are only brought to the surface reluctantly through the idea of the release of your fear.
But you are serving each other in many ways. We have briefly discussed the understanding, as many of you yourselves are now beginning to realize, that your species operates on a very highly individualistic level, that their species operates on a very highly developed mass consciousness level.
And that to each other you are extremely alien. Just as much difficulty as you have had understanding the idea of how it is to operate as one consciousness, they have difficulty understanding what it is to operate as a single individual cut off from the whole.
And although they do not express it in exactly the same way, in many ways they have just as much fear and uncertainty about you as you do about them.
You are learning to understand each other; and in understanding and blending with each other, you are performing services for each other.
You are boosting and supporting each other's society, aiding in each other's transformation.
You are giving them what they need; they are giving you what you need – to mature as a species, even as you allow them to also mature as a species.
They have come from an evolution that is completely different from the one you have taken.
You are true polarities on many different levels. But now, through these interactions, through these sharings – whether they are understandable on the surface or not – you have begun the true blending in many ways that will allow you both to mature and interact.
To become fast friends, side-by-side in your expansion and exploration of the universe – in many ways you cannot yet understand, but ways you will understand in the time to come.
We have shared with you the arbitrary nomenclature... that in various ways we have the existence of our evolution approximately 150 to 300 years beyond you.
We have told you that this is an arbitrary nomenclature; and we will now endeavor to define and precisely explain the relative frequency of the time span of your reality and our reality.
For there will be a seeming time, a temporal paradox, in what we are about to explain about your connection to us.
It has already occurred to some of you; it has not occurred, quite surprisingly, to a lot of you.
Once again, what we are about to say you can take in many ways and on many levels very literally.
But understand it is also archetypal energy, the sub stream consciousness of your realm – of your realm and of their realm, the Zeta Reticuli.
We have told you that we are the representation of your own future selves, and in many ways that is allegorical.
And it is also largely quite literal, reincarnationally speaking. It is at the same time a representation of the parallel type of civilization you yourselves will create upon Earth.
But there is one other way that we also mean it, that we have not really shared with you, and that is this: even as we have endeavored to describe our physical reality, we have not brought you fully to the understanding that we are an exact cross between the idea of your human form and that of the Zeta Reticuli.
We are the children of the blending; we are the hybrids that you are creating. We are your future selves, and have come back to remind you that there is a marriage going on that gives us reality, that supports us.
You are in many ways our fathers and our mothers. And we are your children. We send you our love across the ages.
The idea to understand is that this blending is taking place in your time frame. And that an evolution does occur where there is the population of our world and another dimension by the crossbreeding of the Reticuli and the Earth human.
We are that population . And that is why we have remained in that other dimension: so that we would not interfere with the marriage that is taking place, so that we would not interfere with the consummation of that marriage.
And we would not interfere with your right to experience our birth from your point of view.
But now, because of the timing, and because of the sharing, we can be allowed at this time, with great joy, to share with you that we greet you as your children.
And we thank you for allowing us to reflect back to you the brilliant trust you have placed in us, the brilliant future you have given yourselves and the brilliant present you have bequeathed unto us.
There are many more levels to this idea, and we will share those in time as well.
But understand that there is a distinct purpose in the creation of our species by the blending of yours and the Reticuli.
To a very large degree you are creating the future you desire. And do remember one other thing, another thing that many of you sometimes do not stop to realize.
In our present time, we are also side by side with your future Earth. And we interact together in joy, in harmony, in love.
You are our legacy, as much as we are yours. Our love to you. We thank you for your blessing.
We thank you for your strength! We thank you for your love. And our life. And our joy.
We only give you back what you have given us in allowing us to exist as we do. Infinite Creation dreams you into ecstatic creations of reality – forever and ever.

### Bashar — Maestros de la Limitación ###

THE MASTERS OF LIMITATION An ET’s Observations of Earth This book is a work of fiction.
Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
“The Masters of Limitation – An ET’s Observations on Earth,” by Darryl Anka. ISBN 978-1-951985- 10-3 (hardcover).
Published 2020 by Virtualbookworm.com Publishing Inc., P.O. Box 9949, College Station, TX 77842, US.
©2020, Darryl Anka. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Darryl Anka.
OceanofPDF.com This book is dedicated to April Rochelle – “Nania” With deep appreciation to all who support Open Contact between ETs and Earth OceanofPDF.com THE MASTERS OF LIMITATION An ET’s Observations of Earth OceanofPDF.com Bashar, a hybrid extraterrestrial from a parallel reality.
OceanofPDF.com INTRODUCTION I’m what Earth humans usually refer to as an alien or an extraterrestrial.
To be clear, I’m not really all that alien, being genetically related to humans. However, I’m definitely extraterrestrial, having been born and raised on a planet other than Earth.
But more on that later. My world is called E’sassani in our ancient language (translation: place of the light people).
I say “ancient” because, at this point in our evolution, our species is telepathic, so we rarely speak out loud anymore, though we still can if, for example, we wish to sing a song or communicate with a non- telepathic species.
Therefore, the first thing a visitor to our world would notice is that it’s very quiet, aside from the sounds of nature.
Because we’re all telepathically bonded, we recognize and address each other by our energy frequencies, or what we refer to as our “signature vibrations.” Because of this, we don’t have names like Earth people do.
However, we understand that humans and other galactic species who use names need to refer to us vocally or through symbols and thus, I’ve chosen the word “Bashar” to be used as my “name” for convenience.
It’s a word that means “messenger,” “human being” and “bringer of good news” in the Earth language known as Arabic and, although it’s not literally my name, it describes my relationship to humanity because I am a first-contact specialist.
There are several reasons for choosing an Arabic word, one of which is that, hundreds of Earth years ago, a member of my people made an initial contact with members of your society in the region of your planet now known as the Middle East.
The people in that culture came to know him by the general name for our people: Sassani, which was eventually shortened to “Sassan.” One particular individual who ultimately rose to power initiated a new society in that region and named it after his grandfather, Sassan, who was named after that member of my society, since he was mistakenly considered to be a protector-deity.
Thus, that Middle-Eastern sect became known as the Sassani Empire. Thus, in light of that historical occurrence, we choose the word “Bashar” to keep the name “in the family,” so to speak, and to honor your people’s choice to name their realm after our civilization.
Initiating contact with various civilizations among the stars, including Earth, is my calling of choice and one I’m particularly passionate about.
I’ve opened dialogues and interacted in various ways with dozens of alien species and, as a result, I and my fellow contact specialists have learned about the myriad ways that life can express itself throughout the multiverse.
(A note to your physicists: Yes, the multiverse exists, and I come from one of the parallel-reality “timelines” within it.) There are lifeforms that would seem familiar to you, others that are so different they’re nearly incomprehensible, and infinite variations in between the two.
While I will refer to some of these civilizations in this account, the primary purpose of this book is to address my interactions with the humans of Earth, as well as provide my perspective on where humanity has come from, where it’s at presently, and where it appears to be heading based on the observations of my people and other ET races over the past few millennia.
We typically observe and assess a civilization for quite a while before determining if a planet’s culture has reached a stage where contact with an alien race would not be disruptive to that culture’s way of life.
I’ve personally been transmitting information and engaging in dialogues with members of the human race for well over three decades of Earth time.
As a First Contact Specialist, I’ve been trained in various styles of communication, although a common approach to initiating contact is to impart information via the technique you call “channeling.” Though this avenue may seem esoteric to many of you, there are valid and beneficial reasons for choosing this method over more common or expected routes.
Many among you, particularly the more scientifically-minded, might ask why we don’t communicate via radio or some other method more familiar to the people of Earth.
The main reason is that we aren’t attempting to “prove” that the information we share with you is coming from an extraterrestrial source.
This may seem contrary to the whole point of contact, but we have learned from experience that we must proceed cautiously when initiating contact with a new civilization.
It’s imperative that we do nothing to force you to believe we are real. In time, when appropriate and mutually beneficial, we may reveal our presence in increasingly physical ways.
Until that day comes (and it’s never guaranteed to happen) we always choose to remain in the background and allow the inhabitants to decide for themselves whether or not to incorporate our information into their personal lives or their society.
The degree to which they accept or dismiss that information, without the “pressure” of having to believe it’s coming from ETs, allows us to know if that society is ready to move to the next phase of contact.
After all, if our understanding of reality is wholly incompatible with another civilization’s understanding, then open contact between our respective worlds is likely to be more disruptive than beneficial.
From our view, contact must serve each world in positive ways and it must be by choice.
However, this doesn’t mean that the majority of any given civilization must choose contact in order for it to happen.
Nevertheless, there must be no lasting detrimental effects for any individual or group that may be willing to initiate open contact with us or any of the worlds that belong to our Interstellar Alliance.
This is especially important to factor into our contact process when interacting with a planet such as Earth.
This is in no way intended as a negative, judgmental or derogatory statement. It’s simply based on our observations that Earth humans are, for the most part, unfamiliar with the underlying principles and “mechanics” of existence and, as a result, often make negative choices due to a lack of understanding and an adherence to a variety of limiting beliefs.
This is the reason we affectionately refer to Earth humans as “The Masters of Limitation.” This is not to say that all limitations are negative.
Clearly, certain “limitations,” like fences, prevent you from plummeting off cliffs.
(More on the nature of limitations in Chapter Five). However, in our travels, we’ve encountered relatively few societies that experience negative limitations to the degree that most humans do on Earth.
Paradoxically, this does not make you appear to be “less” than us in our eyes. From our perspective, it takes a very strong spirit to overcome and transform such deep darkness into light; such confining limitation into freedom; such despair into joy.
It is not, as some of your science-fiction stories have proposed, that Earth is a kind of cosmic kindergarten, but that you are actually a “master class” in transformation, about to receive your “Master’s Degree,” taking you from being the “masters of limitation” to becoming the “Masters of limitation.” This is an ongoing process and it may be of assistance for us to share some of our observations about Earth at this time.
What you make of our observations and comments is entirely up to you. OceanofPDF.com A typical Sassani male, approximately five feet in height.
OceanofPDF.com A typical Sassani female, approximately five feet in height. OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER ONE Before I offer my observations of Earth, allow me to provide some context for my perspective by sharing a bit of my own background.
As I mentioned, I was born on a planet called E’sassani. “E” means place, “sassa” is living light and “ni” translates loosely to people.
We exist in a reality parallel to yours and therefore, our solar system isn’t visible to your eyes or telescopes.
However, just to give you a sense of our location relative to your system, if we were to “overlap” our respective realities, our star, called “Sha” (higher light), would be approximately five hundred light years in the direction of the constellation you call “Orion.” We are a hybrid race, created from the DNA of Earth humans, parallel-reality beings you call the “Greys” and a mix of other genetic material from various interstellar species.
Thus, being related to Earth humans, we’re not completely “alien” in the strictest sense of the word.
We call Earth “E’nani-ka,” which, loosely translated, means “Place of the ancestors.” This name evolved over time.
The original, ancient form was “E’nadea a nani-ka,” which literally means “Place of the mother spirits,” but today we simply say “E’nani-ka” and all our people know we’re talking about Earth.
You call your star “Sol,” but our ancient name for it is “Ma’sa’kesh,” which means “Light in the darkness.” This is a reference to the transformational journey we perceive Earth humans to be taking, shifting darkness into light.
Another historical note I would like to share with you is that when some of our people visited a few of Earth’s ancient cultures thousands of Earth years ago, one such area was what you now refer to as India.
Over many generations, these encounters evolved into the symbolic story of the god Shiva who defeated a “demon” called “Muka.” Thus, Shiva is sometimes referred to as “Mukesh” to represent a god of light vanquishing a demon of darkness.
It’s also a linguistic evolution of “Ma’sa’kesh,” our name for your star. Because we are an artificially created hybrid race rather than one that “naturally” evolved, our ancient language is also a mix of human and alien languages, created specifically for our culture.
Thus, you may hear some familiar words or sounds in our ancient language, not only because we adapted Earth terms for use in our society, but also because our people visited yours in the past on occasion and a few of our hybridized words found their way back into your languages, as illustrated in the above explanation.
At this point in our evolution, approximately three thousand years ahead of your present state, we have become what we call “quasi-physical.” This means that, while we may still appear to have physical bodies, we also exhibit many traits typically ascribed to non-physical beings, such as spirits.
For example, although our people used to procreate sexually, as you still do, our children are now “born” in a different manner.
That is to say, they are no longer conceived and gestated inside the mother’s body.
The parents-to-be slip into a meditative, trance-like state and extend the energy fields that surround their bodies to form two “energy bubbles” that overlap in the center, forming a third energy field.
The etheric consciousness, or spirit, of the child-to-be participates in this process and “crystallizes” a new body within the four-dimensional “vesica piscis” between the two adults’ energy bubbles.
The new being will appear, on average, to be a fully-formed child of about three or four Earth years in age.
I was conceived and born in this manner and raised by my parents, as well as other family members in a “birthing village,” which is a temporary environment populated by the children, parents, family members, other Sassani and sometimes, alien beings involved in a child’s education period.
This initial education cycle lasts three years on E’sassani, which is equivalent to nearly four Earth years.
After the children born in a given cycle are ready to fully enter society, the birthing villages are disassembled until needed again for the next cycle, which occurs every eight E’sassani years, or about every ten Earth years.
Bashar’s homeworld of E’sassani. Before I go further with descriptions of life on my home world, perhaps it will be helpful to explain the difference between our respective measurements of time.
A day on E’sassani is nearly identical to one on Earth, what you call twenty-four hours, although we don’t use hour demarcations.
Being the product of Earth genetics, our hybrid race was placed on a terraformed planet with similar day and night periods (more on the creation of our species and home world in a bit).
However, our year (one orbit around our star) is longer than yours. E’sassani is about one hundred eleven million miles from our “sun” in your measurements, while Earth is only ninety-three million miles from Sol.
This larger radius gives us a larger orbit, of course, and results in a year that’s four hundred fifty-four days long as opposed to Earth’s three hundred sixty- five.
Since our star is a bit hotter than yours, our world still lies within what your astronomers call the “Goldilocks Zone” where the temperature supports our kind of life.
E’sassani is slightly smaller than Earth, with a bit less gravity but more water and an atmosphere that is slightly richer in oxygen.
Our climate is temperate year-round with no major seasonal changes since our planet’s axis is inclined by only a few degrees.
The planet is mostly left in a natural state, covered with vast forests, jungles and fields fed by many streams and lakes.
There are no large cities and very few permanent structures of any kind. Our spaceships are our cities, some of which are miles long and can comfortably accommodate thousands of our people.
Our population is low compared to Earth’s: at any given time, there are generally no more than about three hundred million individuals on the entire planet, although many millions more might be in space aboard our ships.
Our world has no natural moons, but the planet is balanced by three orbiting artificial satellites positioned in an equilateral triangle formation.
Each satellite is approximately seventy-five miles in diameter and are also the engines responsible for terraforming the planet to make it habitable for our kind.
These artificial “moons” bear the ancient names of Epsilon, Eclipse and Epiphany.
In case you’re wondering why these artificially intelligent satellites have names in English instead of ancient Sassani, it’s because they were created and named by the Greys, who were originally humans from an alternate- reality Earth and whose primary international language was English, just like your version of Earth.
The story of our origin as a hybrid species is a long and complex tale. The short version is that the humans on that parallel Earth destroyed their world through blind negligence and warfare that created a toxic atmosphere that brought about droughts, famine, pestilence and that eventually rendered them sterile.
Their society moved underground and, after many failed attempts to clone their people, they ultimately adapted to their post- apocalyptic environment by mutating themselves into the Grey beings.
However, still unable to reproduce, they knew that without an infusion of viable human DNA, their culture would die out.
Using their most advanced technology, they discovered a way to “tunnel” into other parallel realities, such as yours, where humans still thrived.
They began to secretly extract DNA from your people in a long-term process that came to be known as “alien abduction” by your people.
Through trial and error, the Greys finally succeeded in creating four hybrid species besides themselves, each infused with varying degrees of human DNA.
The Greys are considered the first hybrid race since they started with normal human DNA.
The fifth and final species are human-looking enough to walk among you without detection and some of them do now and then to observe and learn your ways.
The Sassani people are the third hybrid race created in this way and thus, our general appearance is a fifty-fifty blend between a typical Grey and an Earth human.
We average about five feet in height, are slender with very pale skin, slightly larger heads and eyes than you, but smaller mouths, noses and ears.
Males, like myself, have no hair. Females have hair and it tends to be white, although there are exceptions depending on the genetic “recipe.” The first hybrid race, the Greys, are called Maz’e (pronounced Mahz - eh) in our language.
The second hybrid species are what humans who’ve had abduction experiences refer to as the “tall Greys” and are called “Mazani.” Our race, as you already know, are the Sassani.
The fourth race is called Sha’ya’el and the final, more human-looking hybrids are termed Ya’ya’el.
The Ya’ya’el will be the first hybrid race to make open contact with Earth humans in the years to come.
There is a sixth group: The Shalinaya (the “First Light”) which are the more recent hybrid children created in the ongoing hybridization agenda.
They mostly live aboard the Ya’ya’el ships and will ultimately live with you on Earth in the future.
They represent an evolutionary step on the path of Earth becoming the sixth hybrid race hundreds of years from now.
These future hybrids will be known by us as “E’nani-kaya.” A typical mothership over E’sassani along with two of the three artificially intelligent spheres in orbit that stabilize the environment of the planet.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER TWO At age three (E’sassani years), I left my birthing village on the western shore of our northern continent and was freely allowed to explore my world.
It may seem strange to Earth humans that a three-year-old would be granted the freedom to be so far from home on their own, but remember that my people are telepathically linked.
There’s no such thing on E’sassani as “out of sight, out of mind.” Plus, although they may still appear to be a child physically, a three-year-old on my world exhibits the mental and emotional maturity of a teenager on your world.
In addition, the entire population of my world consider themselves to be family. Thus, all adults act as parents for all the children, no matter who their birth-parents may be.
As I grew, I realized that one of my passions was to become a first-contact specialist like my father.
Our family line has produced many who took up that calling and, as I listened to more and more stories about my relatives’ encounters with exotic beings on far-flung worlds across the galaxy, and even within other dimensions, I felt drawn to follow in their footsteps.
Bashar in the mothership observation corridor overlooking Earth. My formal training began at age seven, along with several others my age.
My father, being one of the more experienced contact specialists, was our teacher, although others would mentor us now and then in order to impart knowledge about specific civilizations with whom my father may not have personally interacted.
Our training consisted mostly of simulated contact scenarios created using a combination of holographic technology and telepathic projection.
That approach allowed us to experience the simulations as real by enhancing our emotional responses and thus, firmly imprinting a strong sense of responsibility in each of us.
That way, our teachers made sure we did nothing that would cause harm to the actual civilizations we were being trained to contact.
Bashar teaches a class of young ‘First Contact Specialist’ students. Opening relations with the inhabitants of a new world is often fraught with misunderstandings that can lead to disaster.
For example, we were given the opportunity, via one simulation, to experience an early contact with an alien culture that, at the time, had only recently begun to explore their own solar system.
Due to certain social factors that were overlooked by our people, the sudden introduction of beings from the stars caused a massive collapse of their society.
Their recovery took centuries and taught the Interstellar Alliance a valuable lesson.
That incident was responsible for the Alliance’s so-called “non-interference directive” that some of your more intuitive science-fiction authors have imagined and incorporated into their stories.
One of the many examples of art imitating life, even though those writers weren’t consciously aware of the incident in question.
Ironically, the introduction of such a directive to your society, even though presented via imaginary stories, created a more mature understanding of potential human/ET relations and thus, increased the probability of open contact with Earth.
After that alien society’s tragic reaction, the Alliance established new protocols for contact that are in place to this day.
However, it should be understood that not every member of the Alliance chooses to act on all the protocols, nor acts on them in the order that I will present them here in this book.
It’s also important to realize that not all extraterrestrials who make contact with Earth are members of our Alliance, or even members of any other alliances within your reality or ours.
As such, they may have very different contact protocols, or none at all. This is particularly true of the Greys who, as we’ve explained, aren’t actually extraterrestrials in the strictest sense of the word since they used to be humans from a parallel version of Earth.
They see no reason to create a “buffer” between their society and yours because they view contact with your people as something akin to interacting with alternate versions of themselves.
In addition, just as we were created using your DNA and thus, view Earth humans as our ancestors, there are other ETs who are your ancestors as well.
Therefore, being “family,” some “star people” may have very different protocols for how they interact with Earth.
In general, the Interstellar Alliance protocols for contact are as follows: First, long-term, remote observation of a culture to determine when or if contact would be appropriate.
Second, more focused observation and determination of which individuals or segments of that society are either more or less open to the concept of contact.
Third, detailed projections of the potential impact of contact on various segments of that society and the species as a whole.
Fourth, upon determination that contact would be mutually beneficial for both our society and the culture in question, several simulated contact scenarios are explored and the outcomes assessed to determine the optimum approach.
This optimum approach usually contains a mix of the following sub-steps, timed for maximum beneficial impact: Four-A: Increasing and closer sightings of our spacecraft (what you call UFOs) and observing the reactions to such sightings.
Four-B: A method of delivering information that allows the culture to accept or reject the information as they see fit.
Four-C: Deliver information that may be beyond what is typically accepted by the culture and observe their reaction to such information.
Four-D: Initiate subtle or symbolic telepathic contact, often in a manner that can be interpreted as nothing more than imagination or a dream and observe the reaction to such communication as well as the individuals’ interpretation of the communication.
Four-E: Communicating during “out-of-body” episodes and observing the degree and style of retention of such interactions once the individual awakens (assuming the species even sleeps, of course, which some don’t).
There are many other factors involved in determining the appropriate method and timing for contact in all its forms, whether subtle or obvious.
Generally speaking, once open contact with a world, or individuals or groups upon that world, has been approved by the Alliance, isolated physical interactions may commence, followed by more public sightings and eventually, broad open contact with the society (unless a reason is determined to limit contact only to a specific group or individual on that planet, but this is extremely rare).
Also, based on the approved method deemed most beneficial to the civilization, open public contact may or may not involve any “official” representatives or recognized authorities within the society.
This is determined on a case-by-case basis. Therefore, should open contact happen between our respective worlds, you may not hear us utter the famous science-fiction greeting: “Take us to your leader.” OceanofPDF.com Open contact with ETs may not happen in the manner depicted in many sci-fi movies.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER THREE I learned about Earth for the first time during my first-contact training.
At first, I couldn’t understand what I and my fellow trainees were told about your people.
I already knew that Earth was “E’nani-ka,” the home of our ancestors, but I was surprised by my father’s description of your way of life.
This information had been telepathically withheld from the trainees until we were experienced enough to understand the remarkable differences between your world and ours.
My father explained, via telepathic images, that Earth humans were, with some exceptions, rather violent and often battled one another over such things as occupation of land, material resources or different belief systems.
He went on to describe the concept of your nations with their various cultures, customs and languages and explained that many humans regarded each other with suspicion and fear based on nothing more than the color of their skin.
To be frank, several trainees, including me, thought my father was testing us; making up a story about a world so extreme that actual civilizations would seem easy to make contact with by comparison.
It was sobering to finally realize that he was describing an actual civilization.
None of us had heard of a world like Earth. It seemed as though alien civilizations from dozens of star systems had all chosen to live on the same planet.
As our education of Earth continued over the years, we discovered that analogy wasn’t far from the truth.
We learned that Earth humans were, in fact, a hybrid mix of several star-faring races due to interactions that took place several hundreds of thousands of years ago with an extraterrestrial species called the “Anu.” The Anu infused their DNA with a species of hominid you call “Homo Erectus” that evolved naturally on your planet.
We were told the Anu did this to create a race of workers that could help them with the herculean task of mining gold and other elements that the Anu needed to correct an imbalance in their home world’s atmosphere and reverse the destructive weather patterns that had been caused by massive solar storms in their star system.
Since the Anu themselves were already a mix of various humanoid species, the blending of their DNA with Earth’s early hominids, which resulted in the creation of “Homo Sapiens,” means that Earth humans are, by definition, a hybrid race.
Once humans began to spread over the Earth and encountered different environments, certain traits from the different ET species emerged as a response to changes in temperature, dry or wet conditions and other factors like diet, based on the foods available in the different ecological niches.
This is why Earth supports so many “races,” whereas most civilizations our people have encountered in each system among the stars are relatively homogenous, though there are exceptions.
But that’s another story. The more I learned about Earth, the more curious and excited I became.
It didn’t take long for me to realize that I would choose to include your world among those with which I would eventually make contact.
Once a “curriculum” of potential worlds was chosen by each trainee, our contact simulations shifted from general scenarios to ones that were specifically designed around the designated civilizations.
As my training continued, it became clear that Earth was far more complex than I initially realized.
My father pointed out that, if I continued on the path that led to contact with your people, I would need to employ a special protocol called “Illiani,” which, loosely translated means “self-reflection.” However, this is far more than an exercise of inner awareness.
This protocol, which had been added to the primary list only within the last century, was derived from an ancient practice.
In the context of contact, “Illiani” meant I’d need to create a physical incarnation on Earth.
In linear terms, I’d need to choose to have a “past life” on your planet in order to gain direct experience with your culture.
This would allow my “present incarnation” to tap into “memories” of that life, which would make it easier to relate to human culture during the process of contact.
It’s possible to do this since, from our perspective, time is an illusion or, more precisely, time is a “side effect” of consciousness in a certain state of being that creates the experience called “physical reality.” That means that all things actually exist simultaneously, but appear to “inhabit” different time frames like the “past” or the “future” when viewed through the “lens” of the illusionary space-time framework.
Thus, a probable “past life” on Earth already existed. I just needed to focus on shifting part of my consciousness to one that would serve the process of contact in the most efficient and beneficial manner.
I don’t mean to make this technique sound clinical because, in truth, it requires a very strong emotional connection to be successful.
Linking with another soul, be it in the so-called past, present or future, creates a bond that’s much deeper than family.
It gives birth to a type of “twin-soul” that becomes part of us for the rest of our lives.
Once we’ve linked with such an incarnation in a designated society, an empathic and telepathic, (or “telempathic”) communication is initiated that activates the connection between the contact specialist and the “past self.” This can happen in a number of ways and can include a variety of experiences designed to strengthen or “crystallize” the link.
Without going into further detail at the moment, suffice to say that I chose to implement this protocol to ensure a more “intimate” connection with, and deeper understanding of your world.
After all, the best way to learn about a culture is to immerse oneself in it. I am aided in my endeavors as a First Contact Specialist by another group in my civilization called the O’Lan Ken in our ancient language.
While the term could be translated in English as “Observers” or “Watchers,” a more precise interpretation would be “Assessors.” One of their duties is to observe and assess the rate of progress in the other civilizations we choose to make contact with and to provide First Contact Specialists, such as myself, with that assessment.
This helps to determine the rate at which further contact ought to occur as well as what type and amount of information ought to be shared with the civilization in question.
Often, such assessments can also be used to deliver a neutral, third-party perspective to inhabitants that is free from culturally ingrained beliefs, perspectives or other learned biases that may prevent those inhabitants from having a clear understanding of the principles we share with them.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER FOUR I’ve spent the first three chapters sharing some information about who I am, where I’m from, how I became a First-Contact Specialist and how it came to be that I chose Earth as one of the many worlds with which it would be my passion to develop a relationship; one that could blossom into open contact between our civilization and yours.
In this chapter, I will begin to share my observations of your society and address the impact that your individual and collective choices have upon the probability of open contact.
None of my comments are intended to dismiss, devalue or offend any member of your society, although we fully understand that some of your people will choose to feel judged regardless of these assurances.
That’s one of the first things we observed about human society on Earth: Some of you will always interpret things in the most negative way, no matter how positively an idea is presented.
This reaction generally stems from fear- based beliefs, of course, so we know not to take such reactions personally.
We understand that, when humans are afraid to face their fears, they deny that they have them.
This is a state of double-denial: people who deny they have fears are also in denial about being in denial.
This creates a second psychological wall around the first one, making it a much greater challenge to help them let go of the initial fear-based belief.
Complex negative states of mind such as this are what make it necessary for a First-Contact Specialist to experience an incarnation in your society.
Without such an experience, you would be far too “alien” for us to comprehend many aspects of your culture or the reasons behind the choices you make.
However, we also observe great joy, love, compassion and creativity in many of your people, so we know the capacity for such expressions exists within all of you.
Thus, we perceive that, at the very least, the potential exists for peaceful contact with your world.
Based on our vantage point outside your culture, and combined with our incarnational experience within your society, we know that, not only are many of Earth’s inhabitants open and willing to have open contact with beings from the stars, but that there are even a few isolated locations on your planet where contact with ETs has been happening for thousands of years.
These brief, limited interactions mostly happen between certain indigenous cultures on Earth and a few specific groups of extraterrestrials with whom the human cultures have a genetic connection from ancient times.
Generally, such contact is essentially an exchange between “family members,” with the native people being at least partially descended from their star-people ancestors.
The fact that such interactions have been happening for hundreds, if not thousands of years with the majority of Earth’s population either dismissing or being unaware of such contact, demonstrates the degree of psychological compartmentalization and the manipulation and suppression of information that pervades much of your society.
We can empathize with those among you, such as many of your scientists, who would be willing to acknowledge our presence if presented with sufficient physical evidence.
However, such evidence will have to wait until we determine, via our own observations, that Earth is sufficiently prepared for such an undeniable revelation.
In all probability, Earth might have already reached that level of preparedness were it not for the fact that most of your political, social, economic, religious and military institutions operate from a fear-based perspective.
There are several individuals, even certain groups, within those institutions who are fully aware we exist and are visiting your planet.
However, despite a few courageous exceptions, they’ve chosen to keep such knowledge from the general public.
Though this choice comes mainly from a desire to safeguard their personal positions of power, many of these individuals often attempt to justify or rationalize their decision by insisting that open acknowledgment of an ET presence would cause mass panic and destabilize your society.
The irony is that their ongoing agenda of secrecy is actually responsible for increasing the probability for panic because they haven’t allowed your public to properly prepare for contact with extraterrestrials.
They create the condition and then bemoan that there’s no remedy for the condition.
Despite this behavior, your society is generally, albeit slowly, moving in the direction of having open contact with our kind.
Many people in positions of authority on your planet are aware of this inevitability and are making attempts to educate and prepare your people for such an event in order to at least partially mitigate any negative reactions that might arise from such an encounter.
Even those committed to keeping our presence a secret realize they won’t be able to do so forever.
The most they can achieve, based on your people’s drive and curiosity to explore the cosmos, is to slow the process down enough so that, should your society experience unexpected repercussions from contact, those individuals would have time to position themselves and safely ride out any negative impact in relative comfort.
Some of your people have speculated that many science-fiction movies and books that depict first-contact scenarios between humans and aliens are deliberately designed to get your people used to the idea of ETs and there is some truth to this theory.
However, while a few films, TV programs and books were created with this agenda in mind, most are simply the result of writers and filmmakers tapping into your collective consciousness and intuiting that contact with other species is more and more likely to occur now that your technology allows you to explore farther and farther into space.
This is a natural evolutionary effect, specifically an extension of a psychological survival mechanism, designed to “buffer” you from the shock of the all-encompassing paradigm shift represented by an event such as contact with an alien intelligence.
If contact happens too quickly, this buffering effect can amplify into flat-out rejection of any change in the status quo and potentially lead to the culture choosing to isolate itself from any further interaction.
But, if allowed to happen over a reasonable amount of time, a society’s natural curiosity and drive to explore the unknown will “soften” the buffering effect and allow contact to happen in a more natural and effective manner.
However, if the transition takes too much time, this can also create negative effects that can be just as detrimental to the society as moving too quickly.
For example, the extended secrecy that shrouds the existence of ETs from your people has created a cynical atmosphere in which people who publically share their sightings of UFOs or encounters with ETs are ridiculed, vilified and even ostracized from mainstream society.
This only works to compound the secrecy and further prevents preparation for contact.
In this way, your society becomes more “fragile” and over-reactive to any shifts in your established perception of reality.
If such entrenched denial persists, even the smallest crack in that perception, no matter the source, could shatter your society’s veneer of civilization far worse than open contact ever could.
Nevertheless, there is a growing awareness in your global culture that contact with extraterrestrials is at least a probability, now that your search for other habitable planets has finally been accepted, for the most part, into the halls of mainstream science.
It’s understandable that your astronomers prefer to be cautious in their estimates regarding the odds of finding life elsewhere in the galaxy.
In general, it’s true that Earth-like planets are few and far between compared to the number of planets orbiting other stars.
That statement notwithstanding, there’s a lot of life out here and, while some ETs do resemble humans (or humans resemble many ETs due to the genetic connections we previously mentioned), most of the beings born under the light of other suns are truly alien and not humanoid in the least.
Therefore, it will probably be beneficial for Earth humans to first encounter beings with whom you have something in common in order to give you time to get used to dealing with other interstellar cultures before being exposed to more exotic civilizations.
We know that the avid science-fiction fans among you may feel better prepared than most for such encounters because they’ve read dozens of tales or seen many movies and TV shows of first contact between humans and aliens.
However, the reality of meeting a truly alien being “face-to-face” can be far more unexpected and startling than anything imagined in your stories.
Even though Earth is blessed with several sentient species, such as dolphins for example, and even though they are “alien” in many ways, you’ve shared your planet with them for thousands of years.
And though you’ve gotten used to them, communication between your respective species still remains sporadic, undefined and imprecise.
In fact, most humans still consider cetaceans to be nothing more than “smart animals” rather than an intelligent “alien” life form.
Based on our observations, it will take many years before the majority of your society finally regards the killing of a dolphin in the same light as the murder of a human.
But once you adopt that view, you will be psychologically and morally better equipped to form meaningful interactions, not only with cetaceans and other sentient species on your world, but also with intelligent beings from other planets.
To give you some idea of what you might encounter someday when Earth humans become technologically capable of exploring the galaxy, we’ll share a little information about a few of the alien species with which our civilization’s made contact.
While we realize the following descriptions may seem no different than many of the ETs in your sci-fi stories, and that no mere description can compare with what you would actually experience in actual encounters, they may at least hint at the diversity of life to be found in different star systems.
The first species on our list, though “humanoid” in that they possess a head, two eyes, two arms with hands and are bipedal, display an attribute so unusual and “alien” that they merit mention.
The beings are called “Thook.” They’re tall, slender to the point of being gaunt with light, milky-blue skin and enormous, round yellow or green eyes, although some eyes tend toward orange or red.
Individually, each is a Thook. Collectively, all are Thook. Their home world is called Thook as well.
That would seem to make things easier to remember, but therein lies the irony. Their unique attribute is experienced by other species that attempt to communicate with the Thook.
While talking face-to- face with a member of their species, you can carry on a normal conversation.
But the instant you break eye contact, all memory of the conversation and the being you spoke with is erased from your mind, as though you had never met.
Needless to say, unless the encounter is recorded, no one would retain any awareness of the meeting.
This is a natural, telepathic defense mechanism that creates immediate, short-term memory loss for all who come in contact with the Thook.
However, with continued contact, long-term memory takes over and reminds you that the Thook exist, even though short-term experiences continue to be expunged.
This survival trait is “built in” to the species and there’s nothing the Thook can do to turn it off, nor would they if they could.
The ability developed as they evolved in an environment brimming with extremely aggressive predators.
A few of those predators still exist on Thook, but are limited to the central continent, which has been left in its wild, natural state, while the Thook ultimately built shimmering cities on the surrounding continents as they spread across their world.
The “Veequa-pani” is my civilization’s name for the next species. It means “seed dancers” in our language and is a reference to the nature of these beings.
Although the “Veequa-pani” have no general name for their kind, they have dozens of names for the various configurations and personality states they’re capable of expressing.
Imagine a large, three-foot long worm or snake-like being without eyes as humans have, but with sensory organs along the length of their bodies that can be adapted to see, hear, taste, smell or provide other sensations as required.
Each being is sexless. All individuals are identical, completely indistinguishable from one another until they join together to create more complex identities.
Special “linking organs” at one end of each individual allow them to physically and neurologically connect, turning two, three, four or up to eight of them into a being resembling a starfish or a headless octopus.
The various combinations allow them to take on different sexual, physical, psychological and other temporary qualities that vanish once the purpose of the “collective” is fulfilled.
The individual “worms” then disconnect and go on their way, although each retains the memory, knowledge and experience of every collective thus formed over their lifetimes, which average around two hundred Earth years.
The next culture is alien in the extreme and possesses qualities that allow them to simultaneously exist in multiple dimensions.
This grants them the ability to interact with various phenomena that would normally annihilate beings that inhabit “normal” physical realities.
Though these being have a name for themselves, it’s practically unpronounceable to species that use language to communicate and is more akin to a vibrational “equation” of energy.
The closest approximation in your English language would be: R•PH•R•K’ TH•R•M. The “R” in each case is trilled, somewhat like the purr of a cat.
All other sounds are like a whisper and the apostrophe represents what humans would perceive as a glottal stop.
We’ll refer to them simply as “R” for convenience. The “R” are capable of such feats as extracting information from the event horizon of a black hole or passing unscathed through the dense matter of a neutron star.
They appear as abstract, dark blue nodes with long extensions, similar to a neuron, although that’s only the part perceivable by physical beings.
The “R” are much more than that and it requires specialized senses or technology that can peer into other dimensions to reveal their complete form, which is a constantly undulating “cloud” of quantum particles.
Conversely, the “R” perceive physical beings like you and us as transparent, crystallized energy forms drifting in a sea of virtual particles, similar to ice floating in water as a rough analogy.
It took our civilization about ten years to learn to communicate with the “R” and there are still many things we don’t know about them, although their primary quality is a relentless curiosity and drive to explore various dimensions of existence.
Finally, we’ll share our initial impressions of a civilization we’ve only recently encountered.
We learned about this unusual society from the “R” due to their ability to transcend dimensions, because this alien species, called “Ovma,” inhabits an alternate reality we’ve named the “inside-out universe.” Instead of stars and planets moving through the vacuum of space, this universe is filled with a type of gravitational “fluid” peppered with enormous, hollow “bubbles” inside of which the Ovma live.
The specific bubble we discovered has an inner diameter nearly the size of the orbit of Mars around your sun.
The bubble’s inner surface feels somewhat solid due to surface tension created by the gravitational fluid outside the bubble as it encounters the outward pressure of the bubble’s inner atmosphere.
The very center of the hollow bubble is occupied by a type of “white hole” that created and maintains the bubble by pouring energy from other dimensions into this alternate reality.
This type of white hole has periodic fluctuations that generate a cycle of frequencies in the energy it emanates.
One frequency energizes the Ovma (day) and the other frequency lowers their energy level (night).
The word “ovma” means “spheres” in our language and these beings are exactly that: spheres with extendable and retractable tentacles that are used, among other things, to roll themselves around the bubble’s habitable inner surface that, in terms of square footage, is approximately equal to one million, two hundred seventy-five thousand Earths.
The “Ovma” population exceeds several hundred billion individuals, yet the bubble is practically empty, save for the exotic flora and fauna that share the “world” with the “Ovma.” Their dwellings tend to be composed of tube-like structures they can roll through, although there’s all manner of configurations that have sprung from the creative imagination of the “Ovma” architects.
They cultivate a variety of spores on their “farms” and their “restaurants” are usually comprised of patches and lines of different “flavored” spores they absorb through their membranous skins by rolling over them.
We’re aware of dozens more alien species, but we believe these four will give you an idea of the various ways life can be expressed throughout the multiverse and what kind of changes in human perspective might be required to interact with a truly alien civilization.
Of course, it’s helpful to remember that you’d be every bit as alien to these cultures as they are to you.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER FIVE As we suggested in the Introduction, limitations can be used to create both negative and positive experiences.
Consciousness itself is eternal and infinite. To experience anything less requires that consciousness impose limits upon its awareness.
Thus, the dimension you know as “physical reality,” defined by the laws of physics that govern all phenomena from the sub-atomic realm to the vast reaches of the cosmos, can only be experienced if consciousness perceives its “reflection” filtered through a self-imposed, space-time framework that limits its perspective.
With this “mechanism” in place, a conscious being can experience itself in different states depending on the degree of limitation or “focus.” However, a high degree of limitation can cross a Rubicon into a state where the being can forget that it’s responsible for imposing the limitations it now experiences.
Even though the being may desire to “undo” the limiting parameters, it may have forgotten how to do so.
This is why other beings, such as spirit guides for example, are necessary to assist with letting go on limitations that are no longer relevant to the being’s life experience.
Such guides, not having imposed the same kind of focus upon themselves, are better equipped to see the “bigger picture” rather than the myopic perspective common to life in a highly-focused physical state.
The fact that our civilization has evolved to the point where we’ve divested ourselves of most non-relevant limitations allows us to also perceive the greater reality in a manner similar to spirits, or other non-physical expressions of consciousness.
Thus, the information we share with Earth forms a type of “instruction manual” that’s designed to guide humans out of forgetfulness and offers a practical “tool kit” that your society can use to remove any layers of limitation that no longer serve to move you along your preferred path in life.
Walking such a path can also increase the probability of open contact between our worlds because the closer you come to regaining the perspective of your greater self, you also become more compatible with our people and other civilizations that operate on higher frequencies of awareness.
However, it’s clear that not all of you will choose a path of higher awareness and so, those individuals aren’t likely to experience open contact with interstellar cultures like ours.
This is not to say that contact with extraterrestrials must be anyone’s goal. Humans are perfectly capable of living fully-realized lives without encountering beings from the stars.
It also goes without saying that choosing a path of higher awareness doesn’t necessarily mean it must be a classically “spiritual” path per se.
Any earnest drive to explore and develop a deeper understanding of oneself or the cosmos can prepare a person for contact with beings from other civilizations or dimensions of existence.
Awareness of, and interaction with, societies on other planets is a natural phase of evolution for many cultures interested in expanding their perspective and experience of the multiverse.
We mentioned that limitations are experienced via a space-time framework that allows a being to “forget” that the limitations are self-imposed.
The specific “device” that generates and perpetuates this forgetfulness is called a belief, or a definition.
Installing a belief that physical reality is actually real is, by definition, a finite experience, and makes a being capable of “ignoring” the infinite nature of its greater self.
Definitions, and belief in them, form the basis of the physical persona and thus, are the fundamental components that generate every experience of physical reality.
Simply put, it’s not actually “seeing is believing,” it’s “believing is seeing.” While it’s true that “seeing” or experiencing an event will reinforce an existing belief, the belief (whether conscious or unconscious) that such an event has the highest probability of occurring is what allows a person to see and experience the event in the first place.
Beliefs are part of the system of self-imposed limitations beings place on their expanded consciousness and are what generate the limited space-time framework.
However, in order for beliefs to be capable of continuously maintaining the limited perspective, they must be structured in a manner that allows them to constantly reinforce themselves, moment to moment.
Beliefs contain energy patterns to make the physical dimension appear real, solid and difficult to change.
Were this not the case, the illusion of physical reality could not be maintained because your “higher self” knows that, while the experience is real, the physical realm itself is nothing more than a temporary projection, no more substantial than one of the films you project onto your theater screens.
As a way of perpetuating themselves and maintaining the illusion of solidity, beliefs utilize a variety of “tools and techniques” to accomplish this feat.
However, before listing a few of these tools, it’s important to understand that beliefs don’t do this with “intention.” Beliefs aren’t “aware” they’re doing this; it’s simply their nature to do so.
The primary method beliefs use to get people to “buy into” the reality that the belief is “selling” is to create a specific vibration or frequency in a person’s energy field.
This frequency pattern is called a “feeling” or an emotion (e-motion: energy in motion).
This way, a person doesn’t merely believe a particular definition to be true, they also strongly “feel” that it’s true.
This feeling reinforces the “reality” of the belief and makes it seem “factual” and less susceptible to change.
The next level of reinforcement comes from the “thought patterns” that the feeling induces within the brain.
The emotion rewires the neurological pathways so that a person’s patterns of thought conform to the emotional resonance and thus, to the specific belief or definition that generated the feeling.
At this point, the belief, emotion and thought pattern are aligned. It’s a simple thing to demonstrate that definitions generate emotions.
Find a word that you don’t know the definition of in your language and ask yourself how you feel about the word.
It’s likely that, without a definition, you won’t know how to feel. But once the definition is revealed, you’ll start to experience how you feel about what the word means.
Thus, emotions don’t exist on their own in a “vacuum,” so to speak. The definition must come first or there are no feelings at all.
The next level of reinforcement is behavior. The person will now act according to their beliefs, emotions and thoughts.
This generates their experience of the world, which is a reflection of their behavior, and the experience provides the final reinforcing “block” to their self-generated perspective that makes the physical realm seem so real.
Thus, the “physical mind” is a triad structure, similar to a prism, built from beliefs, emotions and thoughts, that “breaks down” the homogenous “white light” of the higher mind into the multi-frequency “spectrum” of behaviors and reflective experiences that form and reinforce the personality.
Once this “personality prism” is established, beliefs can then use a variety of additional methods to continue to reinforce and perpetuate themselves, often to the exclusion of other, contradictory beliefs.
This is especially true of what might be labeled as “negative” beliefs. Before we continue, it’s crucial to comprehend what we mean by the terms “positive” and “negative” in the context of the belief system.
These terms are not value judgments, like the terms “good” or “bad.” They’re more akin to mechanical descriptions of states of being or patterns and frequencies of energy.
In this case, the term “positive” refers to a flow and frequency of energy that generates experiences of connection, integration, freedom and expansion, whereas “negative” connotes an energy frequency that generates experiences of disconnection, separation, limitation and reduction.
Ironically, mechanically positive states can also be used for negative reasons, just as mechanically negative states can be used for positive ones.
For example, imposing certain limitations on one’s greater being allows for a focused, physical experience.
Thus, a “negative” act is used to create a physical experience for the “positive” reason of gaining a new perspective that allows the soul to grow.
Conversely, a “positive” belief can be used in a “negative” way, as when an individual negatively attempts to force their belief system on another for what they falsely assume to be “positive” reasons.
With this understanding in place, we’d like to explain how beliefs use additional methods to perpetuate themselves.
We will use negative beliefs in the following illustration because they utilize a much larger “tool kit” to reinforce themselves than positive beliefs require.
This is primarily because negative beliefs must, in a sense, work “harder” than positive beliefs in order to convince you that you’re less connected, less integrated and less expanded than you actually are as a greater being beyond the physical plane.
As an example, negative beliefs may amplify feelings of fear within a person who attempts to change those beliefs, making them feel that something bad will happen if they let the beliefs go.
Or a negative belief may “hide” by drawing a person’s attention to other beliefs that are easier to let go of, thus making the person believe they’ve released the primary belief when all they’ve done is let go of the minor ones, thus allowing the fundamental negative belief to remain lurking in the unconscious mind.
Another “trick” that negative beliefs often employ is to “disguise” themselves as positive beliefs so a person will keep choosing them rather than switching to better alternatives that have now been made to appear as less positive than the negative choice.
In other words, the negative belief may generate a positive feeling when chosen, thus rewarding the person for continuing to choose it.
This method is especially effective in cases where a person is in denial about their fear-based beliefs, and when a person’s feelings of “emptiness” are numbed by “rewarding” themselves with addictive substances.
All of this is to say that understanding how belief systems work can allow one to change their beliefs more easily by recognizing the tricks and realizing that beliefs are not necessarily “facts,” but merely subjective opinions or points of view.
Implementing this knowledge can allow a person to experience less negative or fear-based limitations and more positive, joy- based beliefs that generate experiences of self-empowerment and freedom.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER SIX Because many of your people have been trained to compartmentalize their consciousness and hide negative beliefs from their awareness, it’s created a view of your world, and your relationship to it, that’s often expressed in disconnected and fragmented ways.
This means humans view things as dissociated components rather than as whole systems.
This myopic perspective is what allows your people to pollute your rivers, lakes and oceans, destroy your forests and other ecosystems, and wipe out entire species of animals under the banner of “progress.” With little or no understanding of the interconnectedness of all things and how a change in one component will almost certainly cause a change in others, the people who perpetrate these acts assume they’re immune to the inevitable consequences.
Their lack of a whole-system perspective prevents them from seeing that their behavior is ultimately self-destructive.
They do not see themselves a part of a single, interrelated network but only as a detached component, untouched by system-wide effects.
While this perspective may allow such people to admit they exist in nature, their sense of detachment prevents them from understanding that people are actually expressions of nature, not just isolated individuals within it.
You can never truly separate yourselves from your true nature. Everything, to a greater or lesser degree, is like a “gear” enmeshed with other gears.
No matter how slightly you turn that one gear, all other gears must also turn. Once the natural balance of a whole system, like a planet, has been thrown off beyond a point of no return, the system, unless completely destroyed, will go through a self-correcting process.
However, this attempt to move back into equilibrium can sometimes necessitate the extinction of many, or even all, of the components in the previous system.
These cycles of re-balance do occur naturally on Earth. As many of you now know, there have been many extinctions and periods of climate change throughout past millennia.
However, unchecked destruction of your natural environment can accelerate such cycles as well as severely amplify the effects of the correction process well beyond the preventative or protective capabilities of your present level of technology.
Please understand that we don’t state these observations to promote a sense of “doom and gloom” among your people.
We are aware that growing numbers of you have awakened to the potential consequences of rampant consumerism and ecological devastation, and that many are taking action to explore alternative, non-destructive methods of fulfilling your needs as you seek to reverse this negative trend.
These positive actions are a sign of your willingness to see yourselves as a part of nature, to take responsibility for your choices and to ensure future generations will not merely survive, but will instead thrive.
This way, in time, humanity can realize its creative full potential and evolve from Earth- bound “Homo Sapiens” to star-bound “Homo Galacticus.” This is not to suggest that you abandon your home world, but that, in connecting more strongly with the Earth, you can remain “grounded” and form a planetary identity that can allow your species to expand into the galaxy in a cohesive, unified way rather than becoming “lost” among the stars.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER SEVEN As we continue to observe and communicate with your society, there are additional “signs” or indications that allow us to determine whether your world, or various individuals or groups upon it, are moving toward, or away from open contact.
These signs appear to us as “splittings” into a variety of parallel paths, each of which exhibit different frequencies of energy, different perspectives of consciousness and therefore, different experiences of reality.
Simply put, each path leads to a different version of Earth. As mentioned in our explanation of time in Chapter Three, all things throughout the multiverse exist simultaneously, but are experienced as a continuous series of discrete “moments” from a space-time oriented perspective.
As such, all possible parallel versions of Earth already exist. This means that, although it may appear that your world changes over time, the truth is that each version never changes.
But when you shift your perspective to another frequency, it allows you to experience another, already- existing version of Earth, along with another, already-existing version of you on that parallel Earth.
An infinite number of Earths may exist in parallel realities. This idea bears repeating: The Earth you’re on at this moment never changes.
It cannot change. It is what it is. But as you adopt new beliefs and thus, shift your frequency of energy, your consciousness “jumps” to another version of Earth that’s in harmonic alignment with the shift in frequency.
This is how creation expands. The “structure” of existence never changes; it’s your perspective of the structure that shifts and generates an experience of physical and temporal change, personal growth and expansion of consciousness.
The following analogy may help to illustrate the point. You all know that, while you’re watching one of your television shows, dozens of other programs are playing at the same time.
However, you only see the show on the channel you’ve “tuned” your TV to display. When you change the channel, you’re changing frequencies and, of course, you see a different program.
Your original show may even still be playing. It hasn’t “changed” into another program; the structure of the TV hasn’t altered.
You’ve changed what you prefer to see and so you begin to enjoy another show; a “different reality,” so to speak.
This is similar to the holographic nature of existence. Everything exists “here and now” and the change in frequency simply allows you to experience a different aspect of the very same “here and now.” It only appears to be a different moment but it’s actually the same moment from a new perspective.
This shift in your point of view can be subtle or it can be profound, depending on the degree of the shift in frequency.
Therefore, the Earth you’re perceiving now, as you read this, is not experiencing open contact and, since each version of Earth never changes, it never will experience contact.
If you become more energetically aligned with the frequency of contact, your consciousness will then begin to shift its focus to another version of Earth that already exists “side-by-side” with your present version and on which open contact is already happening.
The “old” version of Earth and the “other” version of you will still exist, just as the program you were previously watching may still be running even though you changed the channel.
Of course, the physics of all this is more detailed and complex than this simple analogy, but it serves to illustrate the basic principle that generates the experience of change.
In actuality, your consciousness is shifting through billions of parallel “frames” per second, similar to how the frames of a film strip run through a projector to create the illusion of a changing, “fluid” reality reflected by your movie screen.
Your scientists have long since discovered the “frame rate” of your physical reality.
They’ve labeled this temporal unit “Planck Time,” named after physicist Max Planck, who proposed the concept in 1899.
Planck Time is the time it takes a photon traveling in a vacuum at the speed of light to cross a distance equal to the “Planck Length,” which is many magnitudes smaller than the diameter of a proton at the core of an atom.
This amazingly high frequency of this frame rate is what allows you to experience the illusion of continuity, or a seemingly unbroken, continuous flow of time within an equally “smooth” and continuous volume of space.
In other words, time and space are “side effects” or emergent properties of the rapid shift of your consciousness through those billions of parallel reality frames per second.
Thus, a unit of Planck Time is the proverbial “tick” of the physical reality clock.
Despite the above explanation, there’s no need to comprehend the physics in order to navigate through the frames in the direction of your preferred reality experience.
This happens automatically (you’re doing it right now without thinking about it) but when your consciousness is intentionally aligned, rather than unconsciously, you can more easily choose the version of reality you prefer.
The simplest way to align with that reality is to act on your passion as often as possible.
This is because the sensations you refer to as passion, excitement, love, creativity and inner peace are your physical body’s “translation” of the frequency of your core “signature vibration.” In other words, your true, essential being.
Any time you align with that core frequency through your beliefs, emotions, thoughts and reinforcing actions, you “propel” your consciousness through the specific series of frames that produce the space-time experience of living more and more on your preferred version of Earth.
How quickly or slowly you experience that result depends not only on your own willingness to choose more positive beliefs, but also on the collective beliefs of your society that you’ve “agreed” to uphold.
However, even when you begin to “flow” in the direction of your preferred reality, it doesn’t mean you can’t objectively “observe” versions you don’t align with.
It simply means that non-preferred versions will have no significant effect on you, unless you choose to align with them.
To go back to the film and TV analogy for a moment, imagine that you poke your head into various theaters and watch a few minutes of each film as you search for the theater playing the one you wish to see.
Or imagine you’re “channel surfing,” as you call it, flipping past a multitude of shows until you settle on your favorite program.
Once you choose which one you’re going to experience, the fleeting views of the other shows fade to the background of your consciousness as you become engrossed in the story you chose.
In the years and decades ahead, it may come to pass that your experience of reality will no longer contain glimpses or options to choose versions that aren’t aligned with your preferred vibration.
But as long as Earth is still going through its current transition phase where multiple positive and negative paths are equally accessible, non-preferred realities will remain front and center, vying for your attention alongside the preferred ones.
It’s also wise to realize that, while choosing either a positive or negative path can eventually build up a kind of “energy inertia” that appears to make the opposite choice seem less likely to manifest, an expanding consciousness will always become more aware of all possible choices rather than less aware.
However, when all choices are viewed as equally valid, it will be much easier to objectively choose a path you prefer without invalidating the one you don’t.
It’s the “value judgment” of invalidation that paradoxically creates a stronger bond to the negative path because invalidation is a mechanically negative energy frequency.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER EIGHT As explained in the previous chapter, everything exists simultaneously in a single “moment.” What you experience as a series of space-time moments is an emergent property, or “side effect” of your consciousness shifting its focus through billions of perspectives of that same, single moment of existence.
Therefore, as your people begin to let go of limitations and allow their consciousness to expand, they may experience certain “symptoms” of increased awareness.
Since all parallel realities exist “here and now,” you may begin to feel a “thickening” of physical reality due to your newfound ability to sense more of the multiverse.
Thus, even though a person’s energy frequency is rising, he or she may paradoxically experience their momentum slowing down in the initial phase of parallel-reality awareness, as if they’re moving through molasses.
A crude analogy of why this happens would be to imagine that, if you were able to move at infinite speed, it would mean you could be everywhere at the same time.
Thus, being everywhere would actually feel like you were staying perfectly still, since you would no longer perceive yourself to be “traveling.” Going to higher and higher frequency states is similar to accelerating, so as you approach the “master frequency” of physical reality (the Planck-Time “tick” of the clock we mentioned before), there appears to be less of a difference in your speed relative to the “frame rate” of physical reality so things seem to slow down when, in fact, you’re actually speeding up.
Once a person acclimates to the effects, the “thickening” and “slowing down” will ultimately transition into a feeling of greater connection to more of existence, along with a stronger sense of living in the moment.
As a result of living in the present, it will be easier to discern which beliefs are in or out of alignment with your “core” frequency and thus, it will also be easier to let go of limiting beliefs that are negative in nature.
Releasing such beliefs becomes easier because they will appear so incompatible with a person’s higher vibrational state that it will simply make no sense to hold onto them anymore.
Once a belief appears and feels nonsensical or illogical, it’s already been dropped.
In other words, seeing beliefs as nonsensical is the end of the process of letting them go, not the beginning of the process.
However, should a certain negative belief persist in revealing itself via a person’s emotions, thoughts and behaviors, even after that person declares they’ve released it, then that’s a clear indication that, while they may have let go of a secondary or minor negative belief, they still haven’t found the fundamental one.
When a core negative belief is truly released, the proof is that its effects no longer appear in a person’s feelings, thought patterns or behavior.
Allow us to “break this down” in terms of building a house: A definition is like a blueprint for your “house” (your physical reality experience).
A belief is the certainty that the blueprint is accurate (true). Emotions are the builders of the house.
Thought patterns are the building materials. Behavior is the construction method.
Experience is living in the “house” that results from all of the above. This is why experience, behavior, thoughts and emotions cannot exist in a “vacuum,” or appear out of the blue for no reason.
Belief in a definition must come first, just like the blueprint for building a house, even if that “blueprint” is only in your mind.
However, if the blueprint is “out of alignment” with the original vision, then the emotions (builders), thoughts (building materials) and behavior (building method) will be unable to construct a stable house.
If the misalignment is large, the house may collapse in the slightest breeze. Knowing and understanding this structure and process ensures that your house will be strong and capable of “weathering” anything that may blow its way.
This is because when a person notices their own negative behavior, thoughts or emotions, they can trace them backward to discover the belief and definition that’s generating those expressions.
An honest answer to the following question is all that’s required to discover the negative belief: “What would I have to believe is true about myself in the present situation in order to (feel, think, behave) the way I do?” If a person is willing to find the answer, it will reveal itself in one of a number of ways: either there may be an immediate realization, or synchronicity will reveal the definition, or it may even come to light in a dream.
In any case, changing what you define and believe to be true about yourself is one of the most powerful ways of releasing the limitations in your life that hold you back from being your true self.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER NINE The process of shifting from being a Master of creating limitations to being a Master of releasing limitations is what life on Earth is all about.
As we mentioned, your world is nothing short of a master class in transformation.
Your people often ask “What is my purpose in life?” or “What’s my mission?” While each individual may express their purpose or “mission” in myriad ways, everyone’s fundamental purpose is the same: To be yourself as fully as you can.
As we explained, this is why it’s so important to act on your passion in life. That sensation is your physical body’s “translation” of the communication from your higher mind, telling you that this “frequency,” experienced as passion, excitement, love, creativity or even inner peace, is the prime frequency of your unique being.
It’s your “compass needle” pointing directly to your “magnetic north.” As such, when you follow your passion by acting on it to the best you are able with no assumption or insistence of what the outcome should look like, you will always be perfectly aligned with your essence, your purpose and your mission in life.
The reason it’s crucial to drop any insistence about the outcome of acting on your passion is because your limited physical mind, in most cases, isn’t capable of determining the best possible outcome, although most of you have been “trained” to think you know better.
Look at it this way: You have a physical mind, designed to explore the experience called physical reality, and you also have a non-physical higher mind, designed to guide the physical mind through that physical experience.
It’s like the physical mind is down in a “valley” while the higher mind is standing on a mountain top.
It has a broader view of what lies ahead, while the physical mind can barely guess what’s around the next corner.
The physical mind is “designed” by your greater consciousness to experience what’s happening now, while your higher mind is the part of your greater consciousness that’s “designed” to see farther and to know not only what’s going to happen, but what would actually benefit the physical mind in the best possible way.
That’s why the higher mind sends messages in its “native language” of energy vibrations that the physical mind interprets as feelings of passion and peace.
To ignore those messages is to “walk through the shadow of the valley of death” (physical reality) with no guidance.
This doesn’t mean that the physical mind can’t use “visualization” and “goal setting” as a tool to generate a beneficial outcome.
Such techniques can be very powerful. It’s just that they operate a bit differently than you’ve been taught.
The physical mind uses its language of images (and secondarily, words) to paint a mental image (or even a physical picture) of what it believes represents an “ideal outcome” (a goal).
This visualization technique is fine and works well, but only if you realize that the image is simply a symbol of an ideal outcome rather than acting as a literal representation of what the outcome should be.
The real purpose of creating the image is to put you in a state of excitement (to raise your energy frequency) so that the higher mind, through synchronicity, can provide the outcome you actually need to move forward in your life in the best possible way.
Sometimes, on occasion, the outcome of your visualization may look like the image you conjured in your mind.
However, many times it will look nothing like it. Insisting that the result look like what you want it to look like prevents you from seeing what it truly needs it to be and thus, you invalidate what the higher mind manifested.
Therefore, visualization can be used to “pump up” your frequency, but the instant you’re as excited as you can be about the symbolic image you created in your imagination, it’s crucial to completely let go of that image and be open to receiving whatever manifests next with the understanding that, no matter how it looks, it is the stepping stone that will allow you to move forward along the path of least resistance if you respond to it in a positive state of being.
Even if what manifests is something you don’t prefer, remaining in a positive state will allow you to realize that it must have manifested for a reason that serves you.
If nothing else, the reason can simply be that sometimes, you need to see what you don’t prefer in order to more clearly see what you do prefer.
That still counts as progress because, if you’re still reacting negatively to situations on the basis of how things look instead of responding from a positive state despite appearances, then you haven’t actually changed and thus, the manifestation can only reflect disappointment.
The key is to understand that it doesn’t matter what happens. It only matters what you do with what happens.
A negative reaction begets a negative experience; a positive response begets a positive experience.
There’s nothing mysterious about this. It’s just physics. You can only experience things that match the energy state you generate.
When your people understand that insisting on the outcome you want is, rather than freedom, actually a limitation, then the insistence will dissolve.
Remember that insistence equals resistance. You may think you’re visualizing the best possible outcome, but in reality, your higher mind is capable of delivering something far greater than what your physical mind is capable of imagining.
What may seem to be the end-all, be-all to the physical mind is merely the beginning to the higher mind.
You may not know what the higher mind will bring you, but you can always be certain it will be exactly what you need, which is often far more important than what you want.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER TEN What do we mean when we talk about needs as opposed to wants?
Well, first of all, we don’t mean you can’t use the word “want.” We’re not trying to get you to “walk on eggshells” as far as your language is concerned.
It’s perfectly fine to say “I want to go to the store,” or “I want tea rather than coffee.” When we talk about wants, we’re referring to something more akin to an insistence generated by the negative ego that believes it, and only it, can determine what’s best for the total being.
As we mentioned, that’s not the ego’s job. If you do insist on wanting anything, it would be wise to want what you truly need.
“Wanting” is its own, unique state of being. When you want something, you’re effectively saying you don’t have it.
In other words, wanting is not having. Wanting something merely keeps you in a state of wanting and not having.
The key is to be in a state where you know you already have what you need and then allow it to manifest or, in other words, become visible and tangible.
Everything exists here and now, so just because you can’t see or feel something doesn’t mean it’s not here now.
Manifestation isn’t attracting something you don’t have, it’s making visible what’s been here all along by matching its frequency state.
When we talk about needs, we’re referring to the idea that everyone experiencing physical reality has seven basic needs which, if fulfilled, will actually bring you everything it’s relevant for you to have or experience in life.
We use the term “relevant” here because, very often, what a person wants isn’t really relevant for them to have in order to live a full life.
The following list is determined by the things you need in life in order to physically and emotionally survive in physical reality.
They are listed based on how quickly you would die without them, number one being the quickest physical death to number seven being the slowest experience of death.
1. Air 2. Water 3. Sleep 4. Food 5. Shelter 6. Connection 7. Creative Expression Clearly, air is your most basic need.
Without it, you would perish in minutes. Water comes next. Without water, the average person would die in about a week, give or take.
While many of you might think that food would be next on the list, sleep, and more specifically, dreaming, is next on the list.
Without the connection to your higher being during sleep that dreaming represents, you would quickly become psychotic, with an increased probability of death occurring around eleven days on average.
Now we come to food. Without water, being deprived of food (nutrients) in some form would most likely kill you in two to three weeks.
With water, some individuals may last a bit longer. We understand that there are people who can create a state of being that allows them to maintain physical life without food.
After all, my civilization has evolved beyond the need for physical sustenance and derives its energy directly from various forms of light.
However, this list concerns your average human, not the exceptions among you or what might be relevant for other species in the cosmos.
Next comes shelter and what we mean by that is any environment that provides at least basic life support or protection from elements in nature that might endanger life.
Shelter does not have be a house or a dwelling of any kind. Certain natural environments can be consistently mild enough as to not require much in the way of physical shelter.
Connection is another way of saying “relationship.” While some form of connection with others is crucial, it doesn’t always mean it has to be with your own kind.
A relationship with an animal, the forest or even simply the cosmos can suffice if the connection is emotionally and spiritually rewarding.
However, without some form of connection, physical death may not be immanent, but feelings of disconnection can lead to loneliness that may even lead to suicide.
At the very least, it may make a person feel they are not truly alive and create a state of apathy that can make a person wither away and become susceptible to disease, thus shortening what could have been a much longer and healthier lifespan.
Finally, creative expression is the freedom to be true to oneself and be an active participant in the tapestry of life.
Without freedom of expression, a person can, once again, close down in such a manner as to create all manner of psychological, emotional and physical “blockages” that can eventually lead to a negative experience of death.
When all seven needs are met, synchronicity will automatically provide the opportunities, materials, objects, symbols, encounters and circumstances required to support a person in life along the path of least resistance and in the most fulfilling way based on what is relevant for that person’s “theme” in life.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER ELEVEN Speaking of death, we notice that, due to the multitude of belief systems on Earth, various humans have very different, and often opposing ideas of what happens after physical death.
We can assure you of this: Your consciousness will survive after you die. Why? Because consciousness isn’t produced by the physical world.
The physical world is produced by consciousness. How do we know this to be true? Well, for my people, it’s an experiential fact.
At this point in our evolution, we are what might be called “quasi- physical.” As we mentioned in Chapter Five, we exhibit traits that are often ascribed to non-physical beings in the spirit realm even though we still have physical bodies.
However, we are approaching total non-materiality and thus, in time, our society will no longer express itself in physical terms.
Our present dual “material-spirit” state allows us to communicate with non- corporeal entities on a regular basis.
We have conscious contact with spirits all the time, including those members of our society who have crossed into the spirit realm at the end of their physical lives.
But how can you know this to be true? Your people only have anecdotal stories of brief encounters with non-material beings that are usually passed off either as misunderstood natural phenomena, fictional “ghost stories” or worse, as delusions.
Even reports from people who’ve had so-called Near- Death Experiences (NDE) are mostly thought to be describing hallucinations brought on by oxygen deprivation or related brain trauma instead of actual accounts of the “afterlife.” We put the word “afterlife” in quotes, not to imply that it’s unreal, but to stress that there’s no such thing as after life.
Life is a continuum, regardless of whether a being is physical or non-corporeal. So, again, how can humans on Earth know that your consciousness survives physical death rather than simply hoping or believing that it does?
It comes down to understanding exactly what consciousness is. What is meant by consciousness?
From our perspective, consciousness is equal to self- awareness. In other words, you recognize that whatever makes you you as distinctly different from everything else.
While it’s true that everything, including you, issues from one, single fundamental Source (hence your physicists’ ongoing search for a Unified Theory of Everything), the critical point here is that you, as an individual aspect of Source, perceive the other aspects to not be you.
This perception of something “other” than you is the key factor that generates consciousness or self-awareness.
If everything is actually one thing at its core, how is this perception of “otherness” created?
Through reflections. Allow us to explain using the analogy of a mirror. When you see your reflection in a glass mirror, you don’t consider the reflection to be you.
You understand that it’s merely a representation of your body. Thus, this perception of yourself from a location other than that which you physically occupy establishes the “difference” between the “real” you and the reflection of you, thus reinforcing awareness of your “actual” self.
Thus, if everything stems from a single Source, yet aspects of Source, such as you and me, can perceive themselves as seemingly individuated from Source, then Source (existence) must innately contain a self-reflective quality that, like an infinite hall of mirrors, produces a multitude of reflections, each of which also contains that self-reflective quality.
As such, self-awareness permeates all of existence on both the macroscopic (holistic) and microscopic (individual) scale.
Being a “built-in” quality of existence itself, it’s not possible for consciousness to cease to exist.
It may change form but, like all forms of energy, it can neither be created nor destroyed.
If you’re conscious and self- aware now, the “reflection” of Source that you are will always be aware of itself, no matter whether physical or non-material.
Another way of recognizing that consciousness continues after physical death is to understand that physical reality isn’t actually “real,” that is to say, it doesn’t exist outside of our consciousness.
It’s a reflection of our consciousness that reinforces our experience of self-awareness.
While the experience of the physical is real, it’s no more solid than your reflection in a mirror.
In other words, it’s all happening within your consciousness but is being experienced through a self-imposed space-time perspective that makes it appear to be “outside” yourself.
Just because other aspects of Source don’t look exactly like you doesn’t mean they’re not reflections of you.
Just as your multiple reflections in our aforementioned hall of mirrors don’t all face in the same direction, so, too, are the other reflections in the physical experience simply different “angles” of you; exhibiting sufficient variation that you don’t recognize them as reflections.
Once again, these perceived differences help to reinforce awareness of your unique “self.” The marvelous thing is that this perspective is true for all the reflections.
In other words, all reflections exist in a kind of “holographic structure” in which each individual reflection (you, me, everyone and everything else) experiences themselves as the source of all the other reflections.
Put another way, this means each individual will experience physical reality as if it’s happening to them personally.
We fully recognize that much of this information may be challenging and may take time to wrap your minds around.
Nevertheless, we know that, when you do finally grasp this concept of physical reality as a projection of consciousness, it will become clear that consciousness continues beyond physical death, because death is nothing more than your self-aware identity transforming from one level of existence to another and that your consciousness, being intrinsic to existence, is indestructible.
Finally, the simplest explanation is the recognition that whatever exists cannot cease to exist.
Why? Because, by definition, non-existence doesn’t exist. This isn’t just word play.
Think about it. OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER TWELVE To become a Master of limitation, it’s important to understand the fundamental nature and structure of existence.
My people sum up this concept in five basic Laws. You’ll notice that I capitalized “Laws” to distinguish them from “laws” or conditions that are local to your universe because various dimensions and parallel realities within the multi-verse can have different “laws.” For example, the laws of physics as you know them aren’t necessarily active in other realities.
However, the Five Laws underscore all possible universes and dimensions of both physical and non-physical existence.
The Five Laws are thus not only all-pervasive but truly unbreakable because they describe the fundamental structure of existence itself.
Although they can be couched in different terms, the Five Laws are generally expressed as: 1.
You exist 2. Everything is here and now 3. The One is the All and the All are the One 4.
What you put out is what you get back 5. Everything changes except the Laws Allow us to explain each law in more detail: Your famous quote, “To be or not to be” isn’t actually a choice you can make.
While we understand that the literary context of the question referred to whether or not the character was going to choose life or death, the fundamental truth is that you cannot cease to “be.” Things either exist or they don’t and, since you’re reading this book, you clearly exist.
It’s your fundamental nature to be a part (a reflection) of existence and, as stated in the last chapter, that which exists cannot cease to exist.
While any aspect of existence, or even the whole of existence, can change its form or state of being, it’s not possible for any part of existence to truly vanish.
If it could, then all of existence would be so unstable it would simply “blink out” and you and this book and us and everything else wouldn’t be around to discuss the nature of existence at all.
This is another way of saying that every aspect that exists is a necessary, integral part of the whole of existence and, being unique reflections of the whole, those aspects cannot disappear any more than your own reflection in a mirror can cease to be as long as you’re standing in front of it.
Further, the whole of existence also cannot cease to be because “being” is its fundamental nature or its essential quality if you will.
As already mentioned, “not being” is the “nature” of non-existence and therefore, that which is cannot become that which isn’t.
Therefore, the First Law simply states the obvious: “You,” as a unique reflection of existence, will always experience any changes you experience from your point of view and that will never end.
It also never began because the illusion of time is part of, and thus subject to, existence.
Existence isn’t subject to time. It just is. EVERYTHING IS HERE AND NOW Many physicists on your world are exploring a concept they call “quantum entanglement.” Without going into detail, the concept states that in certain conditions, paired subatomic particles can become “entangled” or linked in some fashion so that a change made to one particle instantaneously creates a change in the opposite particle, no matter how great the distance between them.
The physicist known as Albert Einstein famously rejected the idea of quantum entanglement, calling it “spooky action at a distance” because it seemed to violate the principle that nothing within the material universe can travel faster than the speed of light.
However, several experiments have confirmed that quantum entanglement exists. As such, many physicists consider Einstein to have been wrong on this matter.
The irony is, Einstein was actually right. Quantum entanglement isn’t proof that interaction between paired particles happens at a distance, it’s proof that distance is an illusion.
More recently, other physicists used math to demonstrate that a particle could be sent “back” through time to interact with its “older” self.
While some are touting this as a demonstration that time travel is possible, it’s actually an indication of quantum superposition (a particle existing in two locations simultaneously) and therefore, that time is also an illusion.
Since your physicists are searching for a “Grand Unified Theory” it stands to reason, just as the goal is to demonstrate that apparently different forces are actually expressions of a single, underlying principle, that space and time, despite appearances, must also be reduced to their simplest forms, which would be a single point without volume and a single moment without time respectively.
In other words, here and now. Thus, particles can appear entangled over great distances but, on the quantum level, the illusion of space and time aren’t paramount.
Thus, the particles reveal that they’re both actually here and now. THE ONE IS THE ALL AND THE ALL ARE THE ONE Taking this a step further, and in keeping with the unifying concept, not only can forces, space and time be reduced, but matter can as well.
If all things are truly expressions of a single thing, then the logical conclusion is that all particles of matter must actually come down to a single particle.
In other words, what appears to be the multitude of particles that make up all matter in the multiverse is, in reality, the ultimate display of the superposition of one, single particle interacting with various states of itself simultaneously.
To put it simply, every material object in existence is made from the same single particle.
To be clear, I don’t mean multiples of the same kind of particle. I mean literally the same one particle.
You, me and everything are literally one thing. WHAT YOU PUT OUT IS WHAT YOU GET BACK This Law goes by a couple of names on your planet: It’s been called Karma as well as, more recently, the Law of Attraction.
In scientific terms, it’s stated that for every action, there’s an equal and opposite reaction, though it may not always be immediately apparent.
Because physical reality is a projection of consciousness, it has to function somewhat like a mirror in order to generate the illusion that you and your body (which is also a projection) exist within it when the truth is, physical reality exists within you.
What I’m saying is that everything and everyone you see is a reflection of you in some form (and vice-versa) because the version of things you perceive is also constructed by your consciousness.
Thus, just as you “attract” your reflection in a glass mirror, the mirror of physical reality can only reflect what is in some way either literally or symbolically representative of the “image” you give off.
However, it may not always be a one-to-one reflection in the sense that the people you attract into your life may be dealing with different beliefs and issues than you are but, as a reflection in the broadest sense, there must be a reason that you’re generating as to why that particular person or situation has manifested.
As discussed in Chapters Five and Eight, the underlying cause of anything you attract is your beliefs about what true or probable for you.
Belief in a particular definition of yourself, of others or of life in general activates emotional energy, which then gives rise to thoughts and behaviors that “solidify” the reality experience and generate a reinforcing reflection in the mirror of consciousness.
In physics terms, you can only perceive what is equal to the pattern and frequency of energy you create in your consciousness.
Conversely, you are unable to perceive, or even conceive, of an idea that represents a different frequency level than the one you’re operating on.
EVERYTHING CHANGES EXCEPT THE LAWS Change is the only constant besides the Laws themselves.
Existence is never static, it’s dynamically shifting in frequency and form at every moment.
In fact, as hinted at in Chapter Seven, you shift from one parallel reality “frame” to another billions of times per second, which is what creates the experiential “side effect” (or “emergent property” if you prefer) called time.
However, in order to experience physical reality as smoothly unfolding over time, your consciousness also creates an illusion of continuity so that you can ignore the “jumps” between one frame and another.
The most important thing to realize about this “mechanism” is that, with every single shift or “jump,” you quite literally experience another version of Earth and the entire universe you believe you inhabit.
In addition, the fact that your focus of consciousness shifts from one reality frame to another means that, while you maintain a perspective of being “you,” you actually become a different person (the physical projection) with every jump.
This isn’t a metaphor. You are truly a different person on a different Earth in a different universe, with a different history and different future probabilities with each and every split-second shift.
The great advantage to knowing this brings us back to the Mastery over, and subsequent release of, any limitations that don’t serve your life’s preferred path.
Please take some time to think about what this means and let it sink in. If you’re truly a completely new and different person every single moment, then anything you remember from your so-called “past” isn’t really from “your” past anymore.
That “memory” is always being re-created in each new present moment through the illusion of continuity.
Also, if you’re a different person every moment, you get to define, in each moment, who you prefer to be.
Each of those jumps brings you back to zero, with a “clean slate” so to speak, that allows you to break continuity and adopt new beliefs that alter your “future” probabilities.
This break in the illusion of continuity will allow your perception of space- time to become more “malleable.” By becoming aware that your consciousness is “jumping” or refocusing through billions of parallel-reality frames every second, you can learn to “navigate” those jumps with more awareness and chart a more preferred course through life.
The continuity break may also produce another side effect that your people have termed “The Mandela Effect,” where some people recall a different history than others.
To be clear, this phenomenon is, more often than not, simply due to faulty memories or erroneous information.
However, there truly are instances where one person is accurately remembering a real historic event with one set of details while another person may recall an equally real, but different set of circumstances for the “same” event.
This is because when the focus of consciousness expands, it becomes capable of perceiving more of the many parallel realities that all overlap in the here and now.
Each is a separate reality, perhaps similar in many ways to other parallel versions of Earth, but with minor differences that will appear more real to those whose consciousness is aligned with the frequency of that particular alternate universe.
It’s like a “bleed through” or “double exposure” between realities. A few individuals may be able to simultaneously perceive both (or more) realities, but most will experience one or the other.
This concept that any change, no matter how seemingly small, is actually a total change of everything, is what I’ve called “The Thirteenth Step,” in reference to the twelve-step program some humans use to shift their lives from a negative state to a more positive one.
Without meaning to be condescending, it may be too challenging for most humans to wrap their minds around the idea that you’re literally a different person in each and every moment.
However, for those who can, the Thirteenth Step can be one possible way to “unlock” from negative patterns and redefine your identity so completely that an entirely new behavior can emerge that is in line with a new, more positive personality.
OceanofPDF.com CHAPTER THIRTEEN What conclusions can we draw from our observations of your world?
As stated in the Introduction, we see you as being a Master Class in spiritual development, having made the bold choice to reduce your consciousness down to such a narrow focus that you forgot how powerful you truly are.
But now, you’re nearing the end of that manifestation and beginning to wake up from the dark dream you’ve been living in for thousands of years.
Your awareness is expanding outward while simultaneously diving more deeply inward and discovering the indestructible core that nests in the center of your being.
This shift in energy and focus is why we can communicate more openly with many of your people at this time.
We’re now able to remind you that you belong to a galactic community. You are part of an interstellar family that’s excited to welcome you back with open arms and embrace you with love and compassion.
An E’sassani scout ship over Earth. We honor the amazing journey that your souls have undertaken and, while we share our knowledge with you, we, along with many other interstellar civilizations, have also learned much from your struggle and willingness to transform darkness into light.
Having observed this slow awakening for many years, we can now say that there will come a time, in the not-too-distant future, when we and other extraterrestrial beings will be able to interact more openly with the humans of Earth and that, eventually, your people will become full-fledged members of our Interstellar Alliance.
Scout ship interiors appear simple but nano-technology provides whatever is needed.
This will still require some time, but we can sense the beginning of this new chapter in your story.
Even though your society appears to be breaking down and experiencing more chaos, we remind you that underlying chaos, is hidden order.
As the old way begins to crumble, a new vision of society will replace it. Your growing awareness of our presence and the power of your own spirits are now part of this “new equation” that will produce an outcome never seen before on Earth.
Once you let go of your fear-based beliefs, once you realize the abundance built into the multiverse and how to access it for all the people of Earth, you will be free to imagine and build a new society where each soul can realize its full potential and creatively contribute to the continued expansion of peace and harmony on your world that will, one day, allow you to join us among the stars.
The Interstellar Alliance is composed of hundreds of planetary societies. DARRYL ANKA is a writer-director-producer at Zia Films LLC, a film production company he owns with his producing partner and wife, Erica Jordan.
He has an extensive background in miniature effects, storyboards and set design and has worked on some of the biggest sci-fi and action films over the past thirty years, such as Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, Iron Man and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World’s End.
He is also an internationally known public speaker on UFOs and metaphysical topics.
Over twenty books of his seminars have been published in the United States and Japan and recordings of his talks have been sold to thousands of people around the globe by his business partner April Rochelle, the CEO of Bashar Communications, Inc.
Darryl is always working on new films, scripts and sci-fi novels. He lives in Woodland Hills, California, a suburb of Los Angeles.
For other books by Darryl Anka, please visit www.darrylanka.com. For information about films produced by Zia Films LLC, please visit www.ziafilms.com.
For more information about Bashar, please visit www.bashar.org.

### Bashar — Experimento Social Interestelar, Paso 3 ###

Bashar: All that'll say good day. We now deliver the Interstellar Alliance Social Experiment Step 3, where we introduce a specific action in the form of a communication to the officials on your planet having to do with the idea of the revelation of information connected to what you term UFOs, UAPs, and extraterrestrial activities, information and knowledge.
We have crafted a specific letter for you to send out. We have transmitted this through the channel with very specific wording.
The wording of this letter should be given out verbatim, so it is up to you to copy it intact, adding nothing, subtracting nothing.
It will serve a very specific purpose of timing for things that are to come up in your near future and build a momentum of energy that can lead toward the acceleration of the world.
We have completed tracking this session today nacha pois et86 Now this half hour Zoom conversation will be fun.
However, a little of interventions will be done toshock Panetti. Remember that the pointer of the video should be pressed in B at Bhovah K sun brain rate patiently up near the image, you来 in or tomorrow afternoon.
Our team has developed at-risk ** DSI code with a message, so don't hit CC and classroom at bbc, and automatically have a search for whatever sense contacts we are we have in the presentation.
The description will be up in the editing tab at the bottom of each page, a combination of Myi, N surprised.
The commanding message save인 Texas A and C , the prompt stating that I am giving away information « I am working to concept Iozo Amcini in Singapore at the Oni Internationaliffany Triathlon water nym könnts switch off and create search that is conducive to the idea of open contact and being in alignment with the interstellar alliance.
Again, completely in your hands as to what degree you participate in this. But there are specific reasons for the timing of this, as instructed in the letter, and the way in which it is presented, how it is worded.
There are things that it will connect to. There are cords, in a sense, that it will strike within different people in very specific ways.
We have, to some degree, in a limited fashion, done a similar experiment with you before as a kind of beta test.
To see how many people would participate. And this leads us to the creation of this version of it, now that we are actually in the interstellar alliance social experiment.
And this takes the form of step three to increase your activity, your physical activity, your engagement, your involvement in your world, specifically along these lines, specifically in this vibrancy, in this vibration, in this energy, to again gauge the degree of willingness that you have to present yourself in a certain way, to establish yourself within a certain frequency, within a certain vibration, and to state clearly, from your particular perspective, as an individual member of the interstellar alliance, the things that are relevant and important, and that are important to you, for activities in the world, for directions to be taken, for actions to be taken, on your part and the part of others, that will allow more probability to bring about the idea of open contact and to accelerate the timing of such.
And so, to this purpose, in the delivering of step three, Nania, I will ask you to read the Interstellar Social Experiment, step three out loud to share with all, and allow them to know that a download of this will be available for them to use in the way that it is instructed within what you are about to read.
So please, proceed. Interstellar Alliance Social Experiment. Step three. Send the following letter by email or regular mail to every government representative in Congress, Senate and House, and all party members, as well as to the presidents, premiers, scientific, military, and political leaders of every country on earth, every three months until they take action as requested.
Thank you. And the letter should say, Dear, and you name the person, despite military, scientific, and political statements to the contrary, we believe that UFOs or UAPs do not represent a threat of any kind to national or global security or humanity at large.
There is over a hundred, and well researched evidence, and thousands of eyewitness accounts, that these objects have been present throughout earth's history without detrimental effect on the day-to-day affairs of humanity.
Without supporting or promoting any related conspiracy theories, we believe that certain organizations are withholding knowledge of this phenomenon out of an irrational fear and for self-serving reasons.
It's time for the secrets to end and a program of transparent public education to begin in service to humanity.
Therefore, we respectfully but strongly request that you, in your official capacity, immediately and publicly disclose and release within one year from your receipt of this letter any and all information in your possession or that you are aware of being in another person's possession regarding UFOs, UAPs, and any and all indications of extraterrestrial life, activities, and technologies, and that you publicly state your support for this letter, and that you publicly state your support for the complete release of all such information without limitation, editing, redaction, ridicule, or falsification.
Please be aware the members of this social movement intend to vote for and elect only those leaders and representatives who publicly and actively support and promote such disclosure.
And with our votes, replace all officials who do not. Thank you. And this is from the Interstellar Alliance Social Experiment Group.
Thank you, Nania. When this download is made available to you, again, you may copy it, send it out as requested every three months, and when enough people do this, and the officials continue to receive these letters over and over and over again, and you allow yourself to do your research with regard to who is willing to support this idea publicly, and to ensure and assure that your votes will change those representatives, should they not follow the requests involved in this transmission, then we will see how on your planet the idea of public opinion, the idea of public preference, the idea of the ability of the public to, as you say, move the needle on a subject in a direction that you prefer, will take effect.
To whatever degree you participate, to whatever degree you understand that you are your governments, to whatever degree that you will stand up and declare for yourself the ideas that are connected to the larger galactic family to which you belong, and your passion, your passion at experiencing the vibration of contact, the vibration of the interstellar alliance, and the changes that you may make in shifting to versions of Earth that are more and more and more representative with each transmission you send out to act as a navigational tool to move you in the direction of the version of Earth that will be more and more and more representative of open contact so that you may experience an acceleration toward that end.
So it is of critical importance for those willing to participate that you allow yourself to send it out.
We understand, again, that some of these challenges may require action on your part.
You may need to rearrange some schedules in order to send it out. In order to send them out to all of the individuals that are suggested within the letter.
But again, the degree to which you are willing to participate, the degree of fullness to which you participate will make a difference, and the degree to which a lot of those individuals will receive these transmissions will also let them know what the general population prefers and what the general population will support or not support in moving forward toward the end of open contact.
So, every three months is sufficient. Considering the volume of the letters that will be sent out again and again, the same letters over and over, you will eventually see an effect.
And we will be watching, we will be gauging, we will be observing, again, as a barometer, to what degree the needle is moving toward open contact and away from fear and secrecy.
So we thank you for your participation ahead of time, and in return, for your willingness to participate in this social experiment and your willingness to take action on step one, step two, and step three, for remember, you cannot stop doing the original steps.
You keep doing everything as best you can, and you add to it with every step that we deliver to you.
So, in return for this, I ask you now, in what way may we continue to be of service to you?
Please begin with your questions Q: and your dialogue if you wish. Hello, Bashar.
Good day to you. I remember you stating in a previous transmission that once a person makes a change, it is a complete change, and that that change includes the person's past, present, and future, and also that you never were that person.
My question is, why is it that ourselves and those who are close to us remember the past of the former version, especially if it is something that may not be preferred?
Q: Hello, Bashar. And to you, good day. Thank you so much. I just had a couple of questions, and thank you for being willing to interact with me.
I appreciate it. It is our passion Bashar: and our pleasure to do so. Q: I was wondering if my daughter and or I are hybrids, and you may or may not be willing to answer that question.
Bashar: All humans are hybridized. There is no such thing as a human that is not.
But you are not hybrids in the sense of the ones that live on spaceships. You are not hybrids in the sense of the ones that are created through the hybridization program.
But many humans have had genetic alterations by having encounters in different layers of reality that hybridize you further.
But the idea is that you are not the hybrids being created on the spaceships in the hybridization program, but you are part of the hybridization program that is going on on Earth for the evolutional purpose of humanity.
Bashar: Well, what are you passionate about doing? Q: I don't know. It seems to be a very...
Bashar: All right. Remember that when we ask you what you're passionate about, it doesn't have to be a life-spanning career or a large-scale project.
We assume right now that you are having this conversation with us because this was the most exciting choice you could make at this particular moment.
Yes or no? Yes. Q: Well, that's all you have to do. Bashar: When this conversation is over, look at all the regular options available to you, the ordinary options, and just pick the one that has even just a little bit more attractiveness, more curiosity, more excitement, more passion in it than any other, even just by a little bit, and act on that for the rest of your life.
And act on that first. Take it as far as you can till you can take it no further.
When the excitement naturally wanes and you make sure you're not the one dampening the excitement, then you look for the next thing that contains more excitement than anything else and act on it next.
And you just keep doing that. Then it will usually snowball into bigger and bigger opportunities to act on your excitement.
And then you will be following the formula and being of service to humanity in that way.
Does that make sense? Q: Do you understand? Yes. I think. Bashar: So, it's not a big mystery.
It's not difficult to do. Just do it a step at a time. Keep it simple. And it will build and bring you, through synchronicity, more opportunities to act on your excitement, possibly in bigger and bigger ways.
Yes? Yes, sir. Bashar: That's how it works. So, does that remove the mystery? Does that remove any confusion?
Bashar: All right. Is that something that you believe you can do? Bashar: All right.
Ma'am. In this lifetime, Q: or in my dreams, I've interacted with several different types of beings.
And I'm wondering why there are so many different forms. I feel like some people have just one that they focus in on, be they past, past souls or something like that.
Am I meant to interact with a particular type? Bashar: Or am I just... You all have many different guides and many different connections.
Sometimes one will be predominant, but at other times others will take turns based on the reason why they're connecting to you, the reason why they're helping you, whatever your connection may be with them, and of course based on their skill set as well, because different guides have different skills.
Different reasons for assisting you. So it just depends on what's going on at any given moment in your life as to who you may attract to be of assistance to you, be it an extraterrestrial being, an extra-dimensional being, a spirit guide, a member of your soul family, a parallel reality version of yourself that is aware of how to connect with you in this way.
It can shift and change dynamically all the time. Some people will maintain a connection to maybe one specific, specific version of a guide, Q: but that doesn't mean it's always the case.
Thank you. And one of those was... Maybe it sounds odd, maybe it doesn't... It was a mechanical spider.
It sounds very strange, but it was above my face while I was sleeping, and I awoke feeling it right above my face at two different points in my life, and it was one entity being, thing that actually created a lot of fear in me because I was not expecting it to be there, and I didn't know if it was...
It felt real in the moment. Yes. But I realized you said that when we're sleeping, we're awake, and when we're awake, we're sleeping, essentially.
So I'm just wondering if you know the purpose of why it presented itself to me. Bashar: Well, it is a projection of consciousness that took the form that you say gave you an opportunity to experience fear within you.
So it allowed you to practice transforming that fear. Got it. Gave you an opportunity to do so.
Q: Because I find that now I don't have fear when I come across any of the different entities when I'm sleeping or astral projecting or whatever it is.
Bashar: All right, well, there you go. Curiosity. Yes, well, it gave you an opportunity through a representation of what you would have a fear reaction for to exercise your ability to transform that fear and let it go.
Q: Okay. That's simple enough. And those are all the questions that I had. All right.
Bashar: Well, we thank you for the co-creation of this interaction this day of your time.
Our unconditional love to you. Aveo. Q: My name is Tamara, and my question is in regards to my mother who passed away in 2015.
And ever since she died, I have periodically had really bad nightmares about her.
I've never had an instance where she's come to me in a really, you know, kind of magical, mystical way with the white light and telling me that she's okay and all of that.
All of the dreams have been very negative and very scary. She's told me several times in my dreams that she doesn't know where she is.
She's scared. She's alone. And that's really upset me. And I don't know how to get her out of my dreams.
I don't know how to get her out of there or if I even can from where I stand in the physical.
So if you could tell me where she is and if she's not in a good place, if I could help her get to somewhere that is good, because my mom was a really good person when she was on planet Earth in the physical.
Thank you. Bashar: She is in spirit and she is fine. What you are experiencing is a reflection of something going on within you about your own fears.
She is bringing them out in you, but it's not about her. It's about you. We cannot go deeply into this if we cannot communicate more directly with this person at this time because there are things we would need to explore in depth.
But it's not about her. It's about you. And something she is attempting to get you to look at that is a fear within yourself, in your belief system.
She is fine. Good day, Bishar. Good day. What would you like to discuss this day?
Q: Sure. I guess I have a couple of questions. Probably sound a little bit weird, but a couple of months ago I had, I guess I was awake in bed.
I looked over at my, at my wife, on my wife's side, and the pillow turned into like, almost like a face.
And it was very distinct. It was a man's face with a big beard. And at the time I didn't know who that was or anything.
And I ended up looking it up and it looked like it was the face of like an Anunnaki.
Or when I looked at it further, it kind of showed that it was Enki, I believe. And it looked at me and it said, no, no, no.
Now it wasn't fear, like fearful or scared or anything. I was just kind of like in a bit of shock.
So I looked at it and then I realized later it wasn't saying no, no, no. It was saying no, no, no.
Like as in- A-N-O-W. Yeah. And I guess my first question is like, why did I see that?
What does that all mean? What's it trying to tell me? What do I need to know? Bashar: Well, you were in the proper state to receive direct communication from another level, from interdimensional spirit realms that allow you to know that you can be more than you are, that you are more than you are as a physical being, that you're connecting to the guides that you have, connecting to the information and knowledge that you need to know.
How did it feel vibrationally? Q: I mean, I guess I was kind of shocked, just like trying to talk myself that what I was seeing was real and that it wasn't made up or anything.
All right. Bashar: But I'm not asking you how you felt emotionally. How did you feel vibrationally?
I guess I felt kind of excited. All right. Then remember that feeling. Because that's the vibrational state to come from in all the actions you do in life that are representative of your truth, your passion, who you really are.
They're giving you an opportunity to recognize what your true vibrational state is, your natural state, your core essential vibration.
So, and it's also a reminder of the ancient wisdom, which is why it kind of came in a representation of a very ancient form.
Know thyself. Know thyself. K-N-O-W. So the idea is the more you know yourself, the more you will be your true self, the more you will express your true self, the more you will constantly operate on that vibrational state that was reflected to you in that moment when you were kind of out of the way, when your physical mind was willing to open up and allow you to receive that particular reminder, that particular reflection at that time.
Q: Okay, perfect. So then this brings me back to another experience that I had in my mid-20s.
Again, I was in bed. My wife was beside me. Her father had just passed away. So at the time, I saw a figure in the room.
It was very tall with long fingers. It walked over to my wife's side of the bed. And again, I was trying to question myself whether I was seeing things or not.
And then I saw the pillow move, and I knew right away that this was real. And I woke her up and told her about it.
And then later on, after I started following some of the stuff you were saying, I'm not sure if it was her dad that I was seeing, but if it was maybe something else.
I was hoping you could shed some light on that. Bashar: It was something else. The father energy was present as well, but what you were seeing was something else that has to do with extra-dimensional and extra-terrestrial connections and participation in what we call the hybridization agenda and the evolution of humanity.
Q: So was that me being a participant in that, or was that my wife being a participant in that?
Bashar: At the moment, your wife at that time. But your awareness of it is because you are participating in another way.
Q: Wow. Okay. Interesting. In the last several weeks, I heard you speak in Sedona.
And since then, we've had multiple sightings of flashing lights, once in Sedona and three times in Kelowna, BC, where I live.
And I'm just wondering, why am I seeing this so much lately, including my wife and my family are seeing it too now.
We're all seeing it. Bashar: Because you allowed yourself to wake up to the fact that there is a different reality around you that was heretofore invisible.
Any time that you're willing to expand your consciousness, your senses expand along with it to allow you to see what is around you all the time, but most people don't ordinarily see.
Q: So these aren't ships that I'm seeing, right? Bashar: Yes, some of them are. Some of them can be entities unto themselves.
There's a lot of traffic and a lot of activity around your planet. It's just that most people don't see it because they're not on the same wavelength.
Okay. But once your senses expand, once your senses sharpen, then you can see things that you couldn't see before.
That becomes what you call your new normal. Q: And my senses can be sharpened further by practicing the formula, I assume?
Bashar: Well, yes, by acting on it, yes. Okay. If that is what you mean by practicing.
Q: Yes. May I ask one more question after this question? Bashar: Go ahead. And thank you for your cleverness.
Q: Oh, okay. Well, I wasn't trying to be clever. I just wanted to make sure that, you know...
That was not an admonition. Bashar: Okay. It was a compliment. Q: Oh, thank you. So my last question was, again, I live in Kelowna, D.C., on the Okanagan Lake, and here there's tales of the Ogopogo.
And again, our family has felt like we've seen a few instances where we've seen it.
Is the legend of the Ogopogo real? Is it harmful to us? Bashar: It is not harmful to you.
It is real, but again, you're dealing with interdimensional beings that can come and go.
Which is why it is seen so infrequently. So have I... Similar to the idea of Sasquatch and Yeti.
Q: Okay. Have I seen it lately? Like, is that real what I'm seeing then? Bashar: Like in the water?
Sometimes. Sometimes it is a trick of the light. Sometimes it is an alteration of perception into a different reality, and not in yours.
So you have to be able to discern and tell the difference what reality you're looking at.
And sometimes it's in what you consider to be your typical reality. So it just depends.
Q: That's amazing. Thank you so much. Bashar: I appreciate your time, Bashar. Our unconditional appreciation to you as well.
Aveo. Q: Hello, Bashar. I'm wondering if you can provide me information about a species of extraterrestrial beings I met during an astral projection.
I saw an image of a creature that was mostly male and female of this race. They were very, very lean, extremely low body fat, and dense, ripped muscles on their arms.
They had ridges along the side of their face, and they were wearing a black and yellow garment that looked sort of like leather, and it reminded me of the Fusion jacket from Dragon Ball Z.
It also had ridges along the arms. The Fusion jacket is interesting, because that makes me think, well, maybe these are hybrids, as they're alluding to fusion.
And I'd also like to comment that the name Varya came to me, and I'm wondering maybe these beings are connected to the Virgo constellation.
Please expand if you can. Thanks. What you were given is a projection, an interpretation.
Bashar: You are not seeing the beings as they actually are. You are seeing them as they are.
You are seeing the beings as they actually are. This is a race of beings we are not allowed to discuss at this time, but that you are connected to.
It does have to do with Virgo, but that's all we can say. But what you saw is not exactly what they are.
It was made up of an interpretation of things from your mind, so that you would have something to relate to.
These encounters can continue, and you may gain more familiarity with them over time.
But it is not our job to discuss this further. Q: Hello? Good day, good day. Good day, good day, Varshaar.
Bashar: So excited to see you. We thank you. It is our passion and our pleasure to interact with you as well.
Q: What would you like to discuss? So my first question is, which ET, which extra, which extraterrestrial race do I have, do I have any connections with any extraterrestrial race like the Syrians or Bosnia?
Bashar: All, all, all humans have connections to extraterrestrial races. The ones that are most common for humanity are the beings from the Sirius star system, the Pleiadian star system, the ancient Orion systems, Arcturus energy, hybrids, greys, lyrans sometimes, tall whites, Andromeda galaxies, so on and so forth, plus several others we are not allowed to discuss.
But all humans to varying degrees and at different moments have stronger or weaker connections that they download information and experience from to all of these different ET races Q: that are involved with the evolution of Earth.
Okay, thank you. And so do I have any extended family members on the other side who I might, whom I might meet at some point?
Bashar: Yes, you all have sole family members that are non-physical. Q: Okay, so that when open contact happens we get to meet them, is that...
Bashar: You're talking about extraterrestrials, you're talking about spirits. Because when you say family members on the other side, Q: it means spirits.
Extraterrestrials, like people... Bashar: You may meet some of your extraterrestrial counterparts when open contact occurs.
Q: Yes, yes. Okay, okay, thank you so much. And another one is about the Judeo-Christian culture.
I think you spoke about the Merovingian bloodline. Are they still around? They are.
Bashar: It goes all the way back to the idea of the Anunnaki bloodlines. So it still exists in many individuals.
It exists in all of you to some degree. Some individuals, some strains, some cultures have a little bit more of it, more direct route to it than others, but it exists in all of you.
Q: Okay. With regards to the wars that are... A lot of divisions that we see today, and also with regards to steps or methods do you recommend to resolve many of these clashes or conflicts and the climate as a whole for the Earth?
Like, what do you... What do you recommend the best path? What course of action do you think we should take, both as individuals and as a collective?
Bashar: It is very important to let go of fear-based beliefs, negative beliefs, to have understanding and compassion for each other, that each of you walk a different path for a good reason, that there isn't just one way to do things, that there are several ways to do things as indicated by the number of individual paths that exist, that it all leads to the same place, it all leads home, it all leads to the same source, it all comes from the same source, and to let go of the idea that you have the only truth, the only perspective that counts, but to understand and validate the individual differences among all of you to create true unity, true harmony.
Q: But when people give you or truths per se, so how do you settle or how do you...
So is it like subject to, is it completely subject to what works for each individual or is there an ideal path which would, you know, works best for most people?
Because if more... This is why we give you... ...not agree on... Bashar: This is why we give you the formula.
And the only reason most people don't agree is because they're too caught up in it.
Right. They're too caught up in their own belief system and not really looking at the fundamental reasons why those beliefs exist.
Once you examine those beliefs and let go of the ones that are truly no longer relevant for you, truly not representative of your core frequency, there will be no disagreement, there will be validation of the differences, and the differences will be seen in a different light.
And they will be seen as different ways to reach the same source. So you have to let go of the fear-based and negative beliefs to see it that way.
Q: Okay. So that's part of how we end up activating many of our genetic markers? Bashar: By following the formula, you raise your vibration.
By raising your vibrational frequency, you activate the genetic markers that are relevant for you at this time to allow for the expansion of consciousness.
Bashar: Follow the formula. ...with regards to... Follow the formula as precisely as possible.
Thank you. Because you are unique, and therefore you have your way of expressing your passion and acting as a living example to others of how they can do so for themselves as well.
So just by following the formula precisely, then you will be doing everything you can possibly do to serve humanity, which will then in turn serve you.
Q: I... Like, when I follow the formula at many points, I encounter, you know, divisions...
I mean, not divisions, but... How do I say it? Difference of opinion and difference of interest when it comes to language and how we communicate.
Is there at some point where those get resolved? Bashar: Absolutely. Because again, when you raise your frequency, you become more and more empathic and telempathic, and you know what each other are thinking without necessarily using the languages.
The languages will change. The languages will start to fall away when you allow yourselves to identify and feel what others are feeling, to relate to it, to understand it, to have compassion for it.
When you fall in love with one another, you will speak a different language. Does that help you?
Okay. Okay. Thank you. All right, we thank you. Yes, absolutely. Q: Hi, Bashar. I have a question about an experience that I had.
It was kind of like a dream, but it felt real, where aliens came into my house and asked me where I had gotten a big black cube that was sitting on my dining table.
I didn't know what it was or where it came from, and I told them that, and they said that I had wished for it when I was younger, and they mentioned a song that I used to sing from my favorite Disney movie, and then they took me out the window with them, and I also felt this buzzing and vibration in the back of my head.
I was just wondering if you could give me any information on that or if you knew any of the things that you were thinking about in that experience.
Or if you knew... I'm really curious as to what the black box was because they said I wished for it, and I'm not really sure.
I'm trying to figure out what it is. So, thank you. Bashar: It is the truth about your being and your connection to them and your participation in the hybridization agenda.
It was put into the black box so that it would open at the time when it was important for you to remember.
It was hidden away until such time, as it is important for you to remember your participation in the hybridization agenda.
And what you experienced was a memory, not a dream. The buzzing is the effect of transitioning to a different vibrational reality.
That's how your body interprets the change in frequency from one reality to another.
It's not uncommon for people to experience that in having encounters that shift you to a different reality.
It is often accompanied by a vibrational sound. Q: Bashar, I feel like the language as we use it here has no adequate words to express how grateful I am for this opportunity of this exchange.
And I would just like to say, with the words that I do have, thank you so much to you, to Darrell, and all the people who are here today.
Thank you to all the people behind the scenes who make this production Bashar: and make this interaction possible.
It is our passion and our pleasure to do so, and it is our deep appreciation for the co-creation of this interaction to you.
Thank you. Q: So, I knew that I have just very little time with you today, and I was wondering, you know, if synchronicity will show me what kind of questions I should ask.
And then yesterday, I saw a huge Dalmatian dog in front of my house, which is quite rare because it is not a dog race that is common here where I live.
And I thought, okay, now I got the clue. And the reason why I won this raffle was a dream.
I dreamt about the baby that was dressed in a dress, in a blue overall. It looked to me like a few months old.
But it said something that was so funny that my husband and I laughed really, you know, this heartfelt laugh that you don't get often.
And I asked it, how come you are so eloquent and so small? And he said something that I can't remember.
And then I said, how old are you? And he said, 13 years. And I thought, how come he's so small?
This can't be. When I woke up, I thought, wait a minute, this speech pattern that the baby had, this is Bashar or his people talk like that.
I remembered a study that was done with Daryl where they studied the content of the information that he was giving when he's channeling you.
And I thought, okay, that has to have, that has to do something with Bashar, this whole dream.
And I thought, okay, what happened 13 years ago, I have no idea. And then I looked back at my dreams and I realized that 14 months ago, I had another dream where I was in a blue tube, again, the same blue, this eclectic blue, and I was talking with an ET.
And this tube was like a frequency protector. So I was safe from the frequency that the ET was emitting.
And we were so able to have a conversation, but I was still in this blue black tube.
And we were talking about, they were talking about Croatia or Dalmatia, hence the dog, you know, who I thought is the sign that I should be talking about that.
And because I was clearly agitated in the dream, but in a positive sense during the dream, my husband woke me up because he was thinking I'm struggling.
And then I lost the conversation and I was thinking, oh no, the ET will think I'm so rude.
I just disappeared without saying goodbye or something. And I have no idea what was spoken about, but I know it was about Dalmatia.
So maybe you can shed some light on that. Bashar: First and foremost, do you remember what the child said that had you laughing?
Bashar: All right. Remember that you are part of the hybridization program. Q: You understand this?
I understand it since the 25th of March this year. Bashar: All right. Well, the child was a hybrid child.
It wasn't me. It is a hybrid child that is connected to you. Okay. So, yes? Q: Does my husband also have hybrid children?
Bashar: You both do. Yes. Your genetics have been used, both of you, in the hybridization program.
The idea is that the child is awakening within you more understanding, more expansion of consciousness, more awareness.
And this is a very important thing. Because, again, the age of 13 is the symbol of transformation, the symbol of change, the symbol of letting go of the old ways and beginning the new ways, the symbol of a new cycle.
So in that transformation, you are awakening to your participation, to the realization of your participation in the hybridization program.
And this can carry you forward as an energy, into further exploration and further understanding of the role you can play in your area, in helping with the awakening, by being a living example of following the formula, following your passions, living your joys, living your dreams, acting through them in a way that allows others to see that they can do so as well.
Do you understand? I do. I do. So, much of the conversation that you are having in those encounters were taking place in a slightly altered reality.
And the idea of the blue is a vibration that was acting as a buffer for the vibration of the ET, so you would not be overwhelmed.
The idea then is to live up to the frequency that represents your higher self, your soul, and in what ways, I'm asking you, are you able to do that on your planet?
How can you be of service to humanity by acting on your passions? Q: I think by...
What comes to mind, the first thing that comes to mind is that I used to be working as a counselor.
Yes. Bashar: And I have overcome Q: a lot of physical challenges, health challenges, and all kinds of challenges.
And I think this is an example that no matter what happens, I can still stay in a positive state, irrespective of...
Bashar: Yes. You can transform. You can transform whatever it is and turn it into a lesson that expands your soul.
Yes. So, why is it that you used to be a counselor? Q: Because right now, I'm a student again.
I'm studying meditation. I want to become a meditation teacher. Bashar: So, this is exciting to you, yes?
Q: I have to tell you, since I was informed that I want this interaction with you, I had another dream.
I had another dream that really turned my life upside down. And would you permit me now to tell you the dream?
Q: So, I had a dream that I was waiting for a bus, and next to me was a man in a wheelchair, and he was...
He wanted to go onto the bus, but took my luggage. And I said, Sir... He was an army veteran.
And I said, Sir, this is my luggage. And then, because I was pulling him back, he couldn't enter the bus.
So, I said, but because he was going forward towards the bus, I look at the bus and I see several mantis being...
Standing on the bus. And I'm intrigued, you know, benevolently intrigued. And I said to him, Oh look, there are mantis.
And he said, Oh, now I really have to get onto that bus. And the bus was going over a bridge from small city to big city.
And the mantis were so alert. They were looking into the direction of where the bus was about to drop.
the bus was about to drive and the air was filled with this alertness you could cut it with a knife that's how it felt to me and i was thinking okay i'll go too and then when i woke up i asked my husband what do you know about the mantis and he said not much i said i know nothing i've heard the word but i knew nothing and then i started researching and and and since then you know i'm still grappling to to fit it all together um all right i've read that they're connected with Bashar: and i was thinking they are connected to the hybridization program they are the overseers Q: exactly if somebody had asked me just you know three weeks ago do you want to learn more about the mantis i would have politely said no thank you because i thought i'm not interested at all in anything insect or uh and now i think oh my god i must be somehow connected with the hybrid Bashar: decision program otherwise i wouldn't be dreaming so rapidly all right all right all right all right the symbology is mixed up with an actual presentation on a slightly different level of reality of getting on a ship with the mantises and the idea of the veteran who is in a wheelchair grabbing your bags is an indication that it is important to let go of old baggage that holds you back in order for you to move forward and join on that ship with the mantises to go from a smaller reality to a larger reality which is what the bridge represents going from a smaller city to a larger city so it's about really letting go of the old baggage because that baggage holds you back and allowing yourself to be free enough to move forward to get on the bus so to speak to go in that direction and to expand your ability to move forward and your consciousness does that help you yeah that does help me how is the number five five and one one connected to the mantis i had a not a dream that five five is mantis and one one is isasani what does this mean five is the number of humanity the idea is that you create synchronistic numbers for yourself to let yourself know as like road signs when you are in the correct vibration to move forward and to move forward forward to come from to act from in your life so all the numbers are basically representative of connecting to the one but expressing it through your human self in a way that is more representative of your higher mind of your soul the one Q: okay and is the flower iris somehow connected to any of the hybrid children Bashar: yes it is not only the name of a hybrid child the idea of the iris is that which opens up wider to allow more light in yes it is not just the idea of the flower it is more the idea of the iris that opens in your eye the iris that opens in a camera lens to allow more light in so open up and let more light in let go of the old baggage that's holding you down dreamed in the spirits of the Q: stopped you waving the face back on an ethereal aspect as opposed to the fearful experience he was having with the grays you told him that that was a race you would call the founders and that he was experiencing only one part of their nature only the ethereal part of their nature and that there was much more to them and i'm wondering if you could talk more about the founders now have things changed enough since 1995 that you can give us more information on the founders thanks bashar Q: no however there may be more about that group that will be presented Bashar: within three to five of your years not necessarily from us but more information about them within three to five years coming from a different source hello tadeo nania we have so many great questions from our viewers all right okay and the first one has to do with the handout Q: um um um , what happens if we do a misstep on one of these steps like if we look into a conspiracy theory or get into some religious spiritual argument with someone if we notice it learn from how it feels and adjust are we back on track so to speak is there anything more we need to do if that happens Bashar: no if you learn from it then if you go back into the instruction in the way it was delivered then you are back on track so learn a lesson learn why you may have desire to engage in that way and then get back into the vibrational state as encouraged by the step and realize that it's not necessary to venture that way again unless you do and you're not going to be able to do it again then again learn from it learn why you chose to go in that direction this can be used like a lot of other things to determine what your belief systems are and why you choose to do what you do so if you use it that way then you are learning you are growing but again the idea is to realize that there is no need to do it and that following the instruction more precisely will be to your advantage in creating the vibration frequency that will bring you into alignment with contact and the Q: interstellar alliance, if that is what you prefer.
Okay, and in step one you said not to engage in discussions about conspiracy theories in general.
Given that the UFO cover-up has been considered as conspiracy theory but is an actual conspiracy, would engaging in Bashar: conversation about it be considered going against the rule of step one?
No, because it is beyond theory at this point. There are too many witnesses, too many sources, too many verifications from many different people Q: and therefore it is out of the category of theory.
Bashar: So you can research, you can discuss. It has been suppressed and covered up at this point.
It is relatively obvious that there is enough research, enough validation from so many different sources of different types that you can consider an interstellar alliance.
Consider it to be something that is real. Q: And does watching videos or stories about true or not true conspiracy theories and stories go against the interstellar experiment?
What I mean is, I enjoy watching these forms of entertainment without being emotionally affected.
Bashar: If it is research, if you can remain neutral in observing all of the input from those particular presentations, then it is research.
But the idea is to allow yourself to pay attention to whether you are becoming caught up in it once again.
If you ever were. And to remain neutral in the observation of those things so that you don't necessarily develop a strong opinion in one direction or another about what is true about them or not.
If it is too challenging for you to not form an opinion, to not have strong perspectives on what it is you are watching, what it is you are absorbing, then again, it will...
It would be best for now to back off and remain neutral and maybe not absorb as much of the information.
But if you can remain completely neutral, completely objective, and allow it all to simply be information for the purpose of research, then it is fine.
But you have to pay attention honestly as to whether that's what you're doing or not.
Q: Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. And because you will be discussing in step three writing letters to specific individual officials around the globe regarding disclosure of UFO contact, and in doing so providing specific wording for us to use, I would appreciate if you could also give us instructions for non-native speakers of English.
Is it okay to translate the wording you provided into our own native language and use it in whatever ways you may suggest?
And is it okay to share what I have learned? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Q: is fine. And also one question that came up, some individuals may feel anxiety about being perceived as some sort of target or part of something.
Some people may have some conspiracy or something in their land. What are some suggestions for dealing with anxiety about, in a sense, sticking out or making yourself, I guess you'd say, a target or something like that?
Bashar: This simply goes back to some of the original ideas we have discussed for many years.
You have to examine your belief system and find out why you are perceiving this in a fear-based or negative way.
If the idea is that you are perceived as a target, then you are perceived as a target.
Otherwise, it's sacrificing that Pokemon that appeared in your life to serve your benefit.
In other words, you're going to be joined by too-fKay and Mom number throw away the ckelepter who fell out of reason 세계화 in a sign located within a legitimate måưver able to PCBD disk pickle a creative message in concrete icon, parallel fields which you cannot read or even be oje almoé up file thing, Color sfgğ ék youño' èzk fgildér eno.
How it is obvious is not that I'm aware at one time. with your belief systems as to why you believe that it would be a negative thing to move forward in this way and learn to let them go learn to let those beliefs go learn to transform them into something more positive so that you can be coming from your self-empowerment your indestructible core but again as always it is up to you to decide whether this is something that Q: you are capable of participating in or not and also the idea of i guess thousands of letters going out all over the planet what do you anticipate would be the reaction from administrative levels of our planet to that kind of thing onslaught happening one particular reaction would be that they Bashar: understand that you are capable of participating in or not understand that there is organization to these thoughts that there is unification to these thoughts that there is similarity beyond borders beyond cultures this is something that can awaken them to realize that this is an important issue to look at an important issue to address beyond that there is no insistence or expectation but we know that that recognition will occur in the future and that is something that we need to look at and we need to look at and we need to bring that ourIRE together, really in this because i think that this is an important issue as well as the 367 question that we are engaged in at the moment now to be able to look at senators what is the changing nature and we areangan⁠—of our Adding a second...?
Q: Steve, what is the change that we are able to see actuallyee known a clear zeigt that we can take, we can actually!
that when we actually change at all times there is a great organization thatiley various loann phase level, that the Earth becoming the sixth hybrid race is a part of that agenda, and this has already been decided.
If humanity on a conscious level became aware of this as a fact, it would have been looked at as a silent, covert invasion, and not something positive or beneficial.
I suppose this is why it is being carried out in secret from the majority of the population.
How would you explain this conundrum? Is the slow drip disclosure a part of making the general population accustomed to the idea?
Would not carrying out this agenda result in humanity going the path of the negative timeline the Greys experienced?
No. Q: And without white lies, how would you explain it if you had an opportunity to have a transmission Q: of the agenda?
That the entire Earth could hear? Bashar: Again, the idea is that understanding your connection to your galactic family, awakening to your true potential, awakening to the agreements that you have made for the evolution of humanity would do exactly the opposite of allowing you to go down the negative path that the Greys took.
It would allow you more opportunity. It would allow humanity to choose the path that you prefer in a positive way.
The idea of secrecy is, as you say, euphemistically, a kind of drip system that allows humanity to get used to the idea, but it is also what gives humanity the time to awaken and remember that they made this agreement so that it doesn't feel forced, so that it doesn't feel like an invasion, as you say.
So that you can take responsibility. You can take responsibility for the part you are playing in having made an agreement from a higher level to aid and assist in the evolution of humanity in this format, in this way.
And it is the acceptance of this responsibility and the awakening to the memory of the choice that you made as a collective that would allow you to be able to choose a more positive path and not go down the path that the Greys took in their reality.
Q: And so the idea of this being a timeline for humanity, it's just one timeline.
So, of course, there will be those individuals who would not want to participate in this direction for humanity.
Bashar: Yes. And they will have their own reality. They will move on and proceed as if this didn't happen.
There are many versions of Earth and many different scenarios that you can navigate to that will fit what you prefer.
Based on the belief system you hold to be true. Q: So someone who's highly focused on the Earth and ecological issues and wanting the planet to become more and more beautiful and not with conflict, you know, a peaceful, wonderful place, heaven on Earth, so to speak.
They can have that experience without becoming part of the hybridization timeline.
Is that correct? Of course. Bashar: Again, there is a kind of mass consensus in large part with humanity to have agreed to the idea of aligning with open contact and aligning with the idea of the hybridization program, aligning with the vibration of the interstellar alliance.
Obviously, what we are suggesting in these steps are the steps that are necessary to align with that particular Earth reality.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. But yes, of course, there is always the availability of other versions of parallel realities, parallel versions of Earth that don't necessarily include what it is that we are suggesting in these steps.
And that is why we tell you it's up to you to decide to participate or not so that you can feel it out for yourselves as to what kind of reality you have chosen to prefer.
You have chosen to be a part of. what group you have chosen to navigate to different Earths with.
However, the vast majority of individuals who are exploring the idea of the expansion of consciousness on your planet at this time, again, not that all of them have to have chosen this, but the vast majority, as we perceive it, of those who are exploring the expansion of consciousness have agreed to participate in this particular form of humanity's evolution.
And those are the ones we are speaking to. And only those. Q: I have an image in my mind, this person is saying, in which they perceive all the people on Earth watching the news on their devices and watching live, like what happens on New Year's with the countdown and fireworks.
I see the governments of Earth declare that they have opened their borders and burned their weapons.
Every time I get that image, I get excited. I want to know if that image will happen on Earth, and if so, will it happen before we join the Interstellar Alliance or after?
Is that something that has already happened in another version of Earth? Bashar: It is something that exists in many other versions of Earth, and you have to decide exactly whether or not you are navigating in that direction.
There is a high probability that many of you are. The idea of such a thing would have to be, it would happen after open contact, but it would have to happen before you are officially joined to the Interstellar Alliance.
So in between the idea of contact and the idea of actually joining the Interstellar Alliance is where something like that would most likely fall.
Q: Okay. Now this person is asking about the formula, and they say they live... They live by the formula, but they can't seem to make it work.
I was raised... Then they do not live by the formula. Excuse me? Bashar: Then they do not live by the formula.
Q: Right. They're saying that I was raised with beliefs like work before play, you have to earn your fun, life is hard, you can have too much of a good thing.
I find it incredibly difficult to find and change the belief systems behind these.
How can I learn to feel joy? How can I find joy in passion and be sure Bashar: that I am living the formula as a self-organizing principle?
Well, again, you have to actually live the formula, which you're not doing, because you're not allowing yourself to redefine some of those belief systems in certain ways that serve you.
For example, when you talk about the idea that you have to earn the ability to be happy, you do not have to do that.
You have to live the formula. have to do that. You have to understand that joy is a natural state that belongs in your spirit, that is an expression of spiritual existence.
You have to understand that the definitions you have are not working for you. You have to understand there are other definitions that would work for you and be more in alignment with the idea of what the formula is telling you, of what the formula is saying and how it works.
So you have to match the definitions you have with the way that the formula has been described to you as working for you, to your advantage.
If you hold on to definitions that are contradictory to it, then yes, you are not using the formula, it will not work, because they are of a different frequency, of a different vibration than the vibrational frequency of actually following and acting on the formula.
So you follow them in a way that is possible, pose them, and multiply them in the way that it has been delivered to you.
So examine these definitions in a way that allows you to reinvent them, to understand that you don't have to hold on to them in the way that you have vocalized them.
The idea is that yes, of course there will be challenges, but challenges are fun.
Yes, of course you have to take physical action, but that does not have to be a struggle.
It does not have to feel like it's a struggle, that is a challenge. In the same way, the definition for the word, the definition of tension, is important.
to feel like, quote unquote, work in the negative sense. Of course you are physical and will have to do things physically.
But when you are going with the flow, when you are being your true self, then all the definitions that you are now saying that don't work for you can be rearranged and reinvented to understand how they can work for you, such as what I just delivered to you, what I just suggested.
That work does not have to feel like a struggle, does not have to feel like an effort.
There are certain kinds of tensions and pressures that are positive and creative.
Again, you have to allow yourself to feel it that way. Because when you are being creative, when you are being yourself, again, of course you will have challenges, because challenges help you grow, help your soul grow, help your spirit grow.
So the idea is that there will be a kind of pressure, a creative pressure there. But the pressure that you experience in a positive sense is not the same kind of pressure that you experience in a negative sense.
The pressure you experience in a positive sense is a kind of energy momentum that encourages and urges you to move forward, to take action, to be yourself, to be centered.
To be true to who you are. The kind of pressure that you experience in the negative sense is the kind that allows you to feel overwhelmed, that you're not doing enough, that things aren't good enough.
The idea that you can have too much of a good thing is what sets up the negative pressure.
Now, we understand that some of these phrases that exist on your planet are done to make sure that you're doing the right thing.
That you don't become egotistical about it. That's really the reason that some of them exist.
So that you can always have a check and balance system in case you are worried that you will become too egotistical, too out of integrity, too out of alignment.
That's the only reason they exist. If you recognize them simply as a check and balance system that can be understood lightly, and you understand you're always willing to check in with yourself to make sure that you're in alignment, that you are remaining in alignment and always within your integrity, then it's all right now and then to experience that you might step a little bit outside of it because you know you will always bring yourself back into alignment by having that check and balance system.
But the check and balance system is not meant to be a rigid shackle on you that prevents you from exploring, that prevents you from being yourself, that prevents you from knowing that happiness is your birthright.
So, that's the first thing. So, you have to take these things that you have said, these admonitions, these phrases, these sayings a little bit more lightly as a check and balance system just to make sure that you're staying true to yourself and not see them as such a rigid set of rules that cannot be broken in any event for any reason whatsoever.
Just keep them as an understanding that you are always willing to be aware of when you are in or out of balance.
And you can move forward by acting on the formula in a freer way that allows you to know you will always pay attention to what you're doing, you will always ask why you believe what you believe, and you will always check yourself to make sure you're remaining true and within integrity to your core vibration, your essential self.
So, treat those phrases more lightly and you don't have to necessarily feel so impeded by them to be yourself and feel joy in your life.
Thank you. Dr. Q: And this next question says, if people always follow their excitement, the dishes will never get washed, the laundry will never get done, and the garbage will never be picked up.
How is society supposed to function? Bashar: like that. That's a perfect example right there of somebody assuming that those things can never be exciting.
They are having a negative definition of those things because they are believing that those things have to be negative.
Nothing could be further from the truth. There are many individuals who enjoy washing the dishes because as the water, the warm water flows over their hands, and they are meditating on washing the dishes, it is like falling into a meditation which they actually enjoy.
And some individuals can use that to give themselves a break, to take a moment of pause, and just do something physically simple that allows them to feel more organized, allows them to feel that things are cleaner, allows them to feel in a more meditative state, a relaxed state, doing something simple as they may gaze out the window and look at the neighborhood around them.
While they are doing that, you have to be very, very aware of when you yourself are making an assumption that certain things are automatically negative when they don't have to be.
So all of those things can still be done, and people can also invent new ways of doing those things.
If it is true that none of them actually is representative of their passion, you've already invented things like machinery to wash dishes and so on and so forth, machinery, to collect and process the idea of waste in a more automated way.
So that's also part of you being imaginative and creative and inventive enough to do that, but cannot come from the assumption that those things are automatically negative.
Because assuming that they are isn't what serves you. Because there are people who actually find those endeavors to be relaxing, exciting, meditative, so on and so forth, for a variety of reasons.
And so I think that's a really important thing to do. So the first step is not to assume that those things are negative just because you have chosen to experience them that way.
Q: Okay, and this person is saying, I need help finding my highest passion. Bashar: One moment.
We're going to add something else to that last question. Okay. You have to understand also that sometimes the people that do things in society, like...
Collect the garbage, as you say, are providing a service to humanity. So it's all about understanding some of these things also, doing laundry, collecting garbage, as doing service to a family, service to humanity, service to groups.
The assumption that those things are automatically negative blocks individuals from understanding that being willing to do those things is a good thing.
is a good thing. is a good thing. Is actually providing a service for certain individuals and service to humanity is how you allow yourself to find your center in many cases.
Q: In fact, aren't we hardwired in the sense that being of service raises our vibration?
It's one of the highest endeavors in a sense that you can offer in your reality. And, you know, you see this quite often in the...
You see this quite often in the early teachings of many different perspectives that...
Yes. Bashar: But we are getting ahead of ourselves because this issue will be one of the steps coming up in the near future.
Bashar: We will address it then. Q: All righty. So this person is having trouble finding their highest passion and people seem to progress in life, getting married, having kids, buying houses, buying cars, following their interests and traveling.
I feel my life isn't moving anywhere. I am at the same place in life that I was six years ago.
I know it may not be 100% true as I have grown at work. However, the other aspects of my life have not progressed.
Now when I meet my friends who have moved on in life, I feel I'm missing out and I wonder what my purpose really is.
I feel low at times wondering if my spiritual practices are helping at all. That is this individual's experience right now.
Bashar: Yes. Well, there's two things. There are two things that we can address about this immediately.
Number one is what we have always said is that the idea of your passion doesn't have to be big things, so to speak.
It doesn't have to be a career. It doesn't have to be a large-scale project. At any given moment, you have a number of options available to you that are everyday things.
Just always choose the one first that has more exciting, more attractiveness to it, more curiosity to it than any other choice and do that first.
And continue to do that. And continue to do that as you unfold. Sometimes things will come along that will synchronistically be opportunities to do bigger things, bigger versions of acting on your excitement.
But it isn't necessary that that happens. Because again, as long as you are always choosing what is more exciting than anything else, even on a simple level, then you are following the formula and you are having a life of following your passion.
Again, passion doesn't necessarily mean that you have to be jumping up and down with your hair on fire or doing monumental things.
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. But you're doing more But you're doing more than just visualizing the進운 Food vs Everyone.
So what these ideas are. the idea of actually acting physically on the things that are representative of having more excitement than any other choice in them.
Because many times people on your planet, when they talk about doing spiritual practices, are simply doing things for themselves and not for others in terms of sharing their gifts.
They're not examining what they could be doing in service to humanity that is representative of being of service.
A lot of times the idea of acting on your passion means you are giving something to someone else.
You are actually expressing a gift that other people will find necessary to receive in their lives.
So while it's all well and good that you feel you are growing at work, and that should be a signal to you of what we're talking about, because growing at work means you are doing something that is helping other people.
You are being of service in the job that you do for the other people also doing similar jobs.
So that should be your first clue that in order to expand your life in other areas, you also need to be doing things that are serving other people.
If you have gifts to share, share them. If you need to write a book, write it. If you need to do a piece of art, do it.
If you need to compose a piece of music, do it. The idea is that if you're holding your gifts back, if you're not acting on those things outwardly in service to humanity to give them things they may be waiting for, you're not acting on those things outwardly in service to humanity to give them things they may be waiting for, you're not acting on those things outwardly in service to humanity to give them things they may be waiting for, you're not acting on those things outwardly in service to humanity to give them things they may be waiting for, you're not acting on those things outwardly in service to humanity to give them.
Then that's why your life is not expanding because you're not actually taking the action on the things that would be the gifts that you have to share with humanity.
So take a cue from the fact that you have grown at work, doing something that helps other people, and incorporate that attitude and that behavior in the rest of your life by doing the things you are passionate to do.
Bashar: All right, let's go back to the first sentence in that question. Read it again and then stop.
Q: If I experience a situation that I don't like, and I don't have the time or opportunity to...
Bashar: Stop. This is avoidance of looking at your belief system. Make the time. Make the opportunity.
Okay. You are not making the time to look at your belief systems. You're not creating an opportunity within your schedule.
Keeping so busy that you can't do that is an avoidance mechanism. Because if you start relaxing into yourself and not be in such a hurry to be busy with everything that prevents you from having the time, then you are avoiding the issue of looking at the beliefs, and that's what you need to do in order to change the way you think about your belief system.
You have to change the beliefs in a way that would allow you to experience more of what you prefer.
So you have to stop avoiding doing the process of examining your beliefs to let go of the ones that don't work for you.
Make the time. Create the opportunity. That's the most important thing you could do when that issue comes up of a belief or a situation or a reflection that you don't prefer.
So you have to incorporate the ability into your schedule of how you're going to do it.
Okay. Having the time to do that. Otherwise, again, you're not following the formula.
You're not allowing yourself to have the opportunity to look at those things for one reason or another.
That's usually fear-based. So take the time. There's nothing to be afraid of in having the time to examine those things.
You're not going to miss anything else. You can allow synchronicity to be the organizing principle that will allow you to accomplish what you need to accomplish.
You can allow synchronicity to be the organizing principle that will allow you to accomplish without assuming that you have to be so busy that you cannot look within yourself or take the time to do so.
Bashar: This goes back to what we have said. Get engaged. Get engaged in service in some way, shape, or form to humanity.
Then it won't feel like a waiting room. If you're waiting around, then you are misunderstanding the whole point of waiting.
of why you chose to be here in physical reality and have this experience. So stop waiting.
Start doing. Start engaging. Start being of service in some way, shape, or form. Start helping.
Now again, the idea is whatever people do with the help you share is their business and not yours.
But you have to do the act. You have to take the action that is necessary for you to represent what kind of a world you prefer to live in.
Because if you did live in that world, you would have been able to do the same thing.
You would have been able to do the same thing. If you were in that world, you would be doing the things that we're talking about.
You would be engaging. You would be being of service. You would be taking action in those ways.
So the idea is not to abandon what you call 3D. The idea is to remember that you chose to be having this experience.
And you need to remember why. And it was for the purpose of aiding and assisting in the evolution of humanity by being of service in positive ways.
So you can function as a living example of what you are. And you can be a living example of what other people can also choose for themselves should they decide to do so.
Q: So stop sitting on the sidelines and get engaged. Thank you. Is the human mind capable of non-linear things?
Bashar: One moment. Individuals listening to this transmission may notice a little bit of a difference in the energy that we are putting out in these answers.
We are encouraging more strongly the idea of taking action, of really taking action on these steps and all of the things that we are discussing that are involved in the questions that come up, about these steps.
these steps, because we are underscoring and underlining the importance now of actually acting on the steps that are necessary for you to really bring about the vibrational frequency, if you so desire it, of open contact and alignment with the interstellar alliance.
So, you will feel this energy being a little bit more, a little bit stronger, in terms of encouraging you and urging you to take these steps.
It doesn't mean you're being forced to do anything. It means that we are now not holding back in transmitting to you the energy frequency of commitment to the idea of taking the steps.
Taking steps of being aware enough, being responsible enough, being bold enough to stand your ground, be yourself, and actually take the physical actions and steps necessary to demonstrate what you have long said you are committed to demonstrating.
It's not about sitting on the sidelines anymore. If you're really going to follow along in these steps and take the steps, take the actions necessary for open contact, what we're doing by changing our frequency here is we are making this more physically real for you and underscoring how real the physical actions need to be, how necessary they are for you to really align with this vibration and let go of all the things that are not of the frequency of open contact and alignment with the interstellar reliance.
So take no offense at what you may perceive as a more intensified delivery of this information.
It's still up to you and still in your hands. You are free to choose with your free will whether to participate and to what degree to participate in these steps.
But that doesn't mean we're going to hold back in underscoring how important it is to really stand your ground and actually take the steps.
So, please go on to the next question. Q: Yes. Is the human mind capable of non-linear thinking?
Yes. But it has to be in balance with linear thinking as long as you are deciding to have a physical experience.
Bashar: So yes, you can think non-linearly. Multidimensionally, simultaneously with incorporating that knowledge and awareness into the idea of whatever is necessary as a linear expression of it in your physical reality.
So it will be applicable to your physical lives. So you can do both. You can balance it out.
Q: And is reading always better than watching educational digital content? Bashar: No.
It's up to you as to how to absorb information. So, I'm going to ask you a question.
Okay. But it depends upon how you do that, how you absorb that. For some people, reading may be easier for them to absorb the information.
For others, it may be more the digital content. It still all comes back down to what we have said about the idea of story structure being built into your psyche.
So, if the digital content and the books that you're reading are all structured in a way to deliver the information according to the harmonic points of story structure, then it's not a good idea to absorb the information.
So, if the digital content and the books that you're reading are all structured in a way to deliver the information.
Then you will absorb the information. So, it's not so much about the medium. It's about the way the information is delivered that makes the difference in how you retain it, how you absorb it, and how you apply it from that point forward.
Q: Okay. And this person wants to know, how can I maintain a steady flow of income without repeatedly finding myself struggling to pay rent after indulging in purchases that excite me?
Bashar: Well, you have to pay attention as to whether indulging in those purchases is actually representative of excitement or anxiety.
So, you have to have more deep and honest self-investigation to be able to tell the difference between anxiety and excitement.
Because if you feel that you are, as you say, strapping yourself in some way, shape, or form by spending more than you have, then that may be an indication not so much of the belief that you will attract what you need, but the idea that there is a sense of lack within you.
So, you have to pay attention to why you are doing what you are doing, for what reasons are you spending the money that you're spending.
At the same time, again, please do remember that we have discussed that there are different forms of abundance, and allowing all of them to be equal, not just having money stand out as to be the only way things can be done.
Okay. All of them being equal to one another, then you can relax the idea of what it is you may think you need at any given moment that will then allow that to synchronistically come into your life and whatever form the abundance needs to be there to allow you to continue to act on your passion.
But again, fundamentally, you have to really examine whether you are purchasing the things you are purchasing because they are truly representative of your excitement, that you truly need them in your life.
Okay. Or whether you are just making them and not being able to buy the things that you are buying.
Okay. If you are buying things that you are not expecting, and that you are buying something that is more than what you're investing in, then that is not a great suggestion.
Okay. an assumption based on anxiety and disguising it as excitement so you don't have to pay attention to the real reason you may be purchasing those things.
So Q: just be honest with yourself in your self-examination. Okay and this next question is, can you please give some examples of what limiting beliefs a person may hold that is causing them to hold excess fat on their body?
Well this goes back, now again not the only reason, but this goes back Bashar: to one of the typical euphemisms that your language provides in the fact that you may be quote-unquote waiting around to do what it is you need to be doing.
That you're not flowing your energy outward in giving gifts, in sharing things, in doing what you're passionate about, in being of service to humanity and therefore the energy builds up because it's not got anywhere to go and it turns into matter because energy and matter are different sides of the same thing.
So when you are waiting to do what it is you need to be doing to express yourself fully, to follow your passion fully, then that can turn into mass and add weight Q: to your system physically.
And how might that apply to people as they age? Not that all people gain weight, but seems like a large percentage of the Bashar: population gains weight as they get older.
Well again, many many individuals in your population have been waiting for a long time to do what it is they are truly passionate about doing, to be their true selves.
And the longer they wait, the more weight they may gain because the idea of aging starts to imply in their belief system that it now may be too late for them to actually take those actions and therefore that adds more weighting and therefore that adds more weight.
Q: And it can also be the time to start to look at what they are actually doing. Okay, and what do you know about people who are addicted to substances such as Bashar: alcohol, weed, and cigarettes?
Addictions are usually an attempt to do one of two things. They feel an emptiness within themselves and therefore they are using external substances to attempt to feel what they feel is a void within their spirit, within their soul, or they are using those substances to numb the feeling so they don't have to pay attention to it.
In both cases, in a sense, it's an avoidance of really looking within the self and understanding how to fill what they determine is a void within themselves, what they believe to be something missing from themselves, about the idea of their worth, their value, their deservability.
All these things prevent them from feeling their connection to source, from feeling their self-empowerment, and therefore they try to fill what becomes experienced as an emptiness, as a void, with something externally which will never work, or they try to numb it with those same substances so they don't have to pay attention to it and then be afraid of looking within themselves, because they are afraid that looking within themselves, they might find out that the emptiness they feel is actually their true state, that's actually true about them, that they're worthless, that they're undeserving, so on and so forth.
There is nothing to be afraid of, and people can be assisted and guided to looking within themselves without worrying that the idea of their negative beliefs about themselves are actually going to ultimately be true, because if that were true, you wouldn't exist, because everyone is worthy by the fact of their existence.
But different people have to be guided in different ways to find that out, to realize that truth about themselves.
So it will depend upon the way that we think about ourselves, and the way that we think about ourselves.
The kind of person, the kind of beliefs they have, the reasons they're holding on to those beliefs, sometimes they hold on to those beliefs also because they get attention that way.
And if they felt undeserving of attention on their own, they will do things like put themselves in dire circumstances and dire situations where their very physical life is threatened, so that other people will start paying attention to them.
And so in that sense, it may also work for them. But the idea is that, of course, that never ultimately works.
They have to give themselves the love, and they have to give themselves the attention, and they have to allow themselves to know that that void that they feel is not really a void.
It is just a belief system that they have about themselves that is not in alignment with who they Q: truly are.
So when an individual allows themselves to feel happy, to feel their connection to source, when they allow this, that automatically...
shifts them out of the state that you're describing where they feel an emptiness or a loneliness, and they seek out external things to fill that.
Bashar: Yes, because again, external things aren't real. We understand that physical reality seems very solid to you, but it's not.
It's an illusion. And therefore, those things have no real substance to them. So what you're doing is you're feeding yourself...
in a sense, a diet of illusions when you are addicted to things that really have no substance.
It's nothing more than a reflection or a play act saying, I feel empty. I feel undeserving.
I feel unworthy. I feel that I have no soul, no solid connection to anything in creation.
So all you're doing is demonstrating that by taking these illusionary props and assuming that you're not a soul.
And so that's what I'm doing. I'm not a soul. I'm not a being that they're actually the things that you need to repair yourself or that you need to numb yourself so you don't have to pay attention to it.
Remember, physical reality isn't real. So even though you create a physical reaction to these substances, you're actually doing that yourself.
You're deteriorating yourself by yourself. You are diminishing your energy and you are making disconnections to physical reality on your own.
It's just that those kinds of substances become negative permission slips that you can...
I can say it's not my fault. I'm doing these things and these things are doing it to me.
It's all an illusion. It's all a play act. But it's based on the idea of a negative sense of self instead of a positive one.
Q: So the idea is that that is creating a permission slip to allow you to bypass the negative beliefs that are keeping you from feeling the connection that you naturally have to source.
And that's when a permission slip becomes a negative thing when you rely on that to put you in that state instead of realizing that you have the ability to choose that state and not buy into the negative beliefs that are diminishing your energy Bashar: and keeping you feeling isolated.
Yes, because the fundamental vibrational frequency of addiction is that a person feels like they have no choice.
And that's a choice they're making. Because they're necessarily thinking this way.
but they don't know that because it doesn't feel that way. So they have to understand the paradox that having an experience of feeling like you have no choice is a choice, and once they understand that they can break through it.
If they desire to. Q: So like in the situation where a person comes into this life with a theme of anпending disorder like anorexiaor bulimia...
with a theme of an eating disorder like an anorexia or bulimia.... Would you have care for your LightHope light bulb if you felt down from there would you have care for your Lighthope light bulb if you felt down from there very young age, is there a special reason why someone would choose that?
Bashar: DR. Well, yes, again, there can be. Again, please remember, there are as many reasons as there are people.
Now, some of them fall into collective categories, yes, and can be generally similar, yes.
The idea sometimes why a soul would choose that is not even so much for their own soul's growth, although it always does help because it can accelerate whatever a person might be willing to learn in physical reality by having an experience like that and transforming it relatively rapidly in the period of a lifetime.
As far as the soul is concerned, that's a brief period. But the idea is that it also helps other people learn how to have compassion and start relating to people like that to figure out what's going on within them.
And that helps society as well understand why they may be creating certain things that they are creating.
DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. DR. And that's something that they may not actually prefer to be experiencing.
So sometimes a soul will choose that not even for themselves so much as for what it will do to help society learn and grow in more compassionate ways.
So again, you have to take it on a case-by-case basis. Q: DR. And in this example, the person is saying that their older brother has a disability due to a genetic condition and he can't speak or walk.
DR. Yeah. DR. I'm interested in exploring the spiritual significance of individuals with disabilities in the physical world.
Can you provide some insight on this? Bashar: DR. Same answer. What are you learning that you otherwise wouldn't have learned had your brother's condition been normal?
Are there different ways you now have to learn to communicate with someone who cannot speak?
Are there different things you are learning about assisting someone who cannot walk?
How do these things symbolize issues within your self, your family, and society in terms of learning to see things in a different light, learn to do things in a different way, to have compassion and understanding and creative imaginations strong enough and broad enough to figure out how can we allow these people to be valuable members of society and what are we learning from them we otherwise wouldn't learn by what they have?
DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. DR. Yeah. And again, as I said earlier, it's really tough to just look at any kind of people.
A person can have different initials and, whenever he is two into 不是 that being in the soul of the soul.
So sometimes we see people as having the ability to act in the spirit of their soul, if not the experience of experience with somebody, but there's so many ways we can move away from this idea of responsibility that gets us into a world where we cannot change.
Even though it may be a little bit more complex, it may be a bit more complex than such that there are so many possibilities we can look into.
What you would do is start personality-friendly, after what we've been talking about.
You can start connecting with someone in the future. admit them into society because they are helping society expand and improve the ways in which we communicate, we act, we deal with other people that are different from ourselves, Q: so on and so forth.
Okay. And what is the difference between self-realization and enlightenment? Bashar: Not so much.
You have to be self-realized to be enlightened and you have to be enlightened to be self-realized.
It's basically two sides of the same coin of being your true self and being awake and aware in the idea that you are creating your reality and that you have the freedom to choose what experience you have of that and taking the responsibility, not in a negative way, but in the ability to respond for all the things you experience because you know you are your own universe and yet you are interacting with other facets of it.
In whatever way, shape or form serves humanity best and serves everyone best and serves all that is the best at being itself and experiencing itself in all the ways that it can.
It is the understanding of that that promotes enlightenment and awareness of self in terms Q: of what it means to be the self.
And when our pets pass away, is their death experience the same as ours? Do you think that's the case?
Yes. Do they experience a waking up? Do they have a life review? Does their energy, their soul hang out with us?
Bashar: How can we connect with our pets who have passed? Think of them. Feel the love you have for them.
They will feel it. They will pick it up. They don't have exactly the same kind of process of transitioning back into spirit.
The idea of a life review is not exactly what it is for a human. It is for the family.
The idea is that they may see or experience flashes of experiences that they experienced with their family in physical reality.
But it's not so much a review as it is a recognition of the reason they were attracted to be with that family, so that it is reinforced, it is strengthened and allows them to continue to interact with that family from spirit in a new and different way.
So when you know that they are willing and capable to interact with that family, they're going to feel that connection.
capable of still continuing to interact with you from spirit. Think of them, feel the love you have for them.
They will feel it, they will pick it up, and they do sometimes interact with people in a variety of ways, even though you may not completely perceive it to be so.
But you can hone your senses, you can feel and know when they are there for you. They can also be off doing other things, but the idea is that, of course, in spirit they are more expanded, they may not be exactly the idea of the pet or the family member as an animal that you experienced in that limited way, but they do still contain that.
They are bigger than that, just like you are bigger than that when you are in spirit, but nevertheless, they are keenly and constantly aware of the connections that they have with you, and are more than willing to engage with you when you hone your senses and are capable of perceiving that they are doing so.
So send them love, think of them, they will pick it up, and they will respond. It's up to you to have the senses that are keen enough to know when those responses are coming to you.
Q: Many people experience a thing where they have a dream about their pet and the pet is like still alive and it's telling them, I'm fine, you know?
Yes. How can that can be very reassuring, especially if you lose a loved pet? How can you generate an experience?
Can you communicate with your pet and ask them, please come in my dream and tell me how you are?
Yes, you can. Bashar: But again, the idea is to communicate through imagery because that's more representative of a telepathic bond.
Just see them doing it. Just see yourself interacting with them in your imagination, in your mind's eye.
Visualize the idea of the interaction. Put it out there with feeling. Feel what that would be like to have that interaction that you put in your mind.
So use pictures and feelings. That's the strongest way to communicate with them. And sometimes when you have those dreams, even though your pet may still be alive, the idea is that your animal is also telling you that they exist like you do in spirit and that physical reality is simply a part of them and a temporary thing.
But that your natural state is spirit. You never really leave it and neither do they.
Q: Okay, thanks. And what happens to a person who commits suicide? Does his soul experience something different from someone who experiences death at an old age?
Bashar: Well, slightly. It can depend on the reasons for it. And the idea is that more often than not, it represents that there might be, shall we say, unfinished business, that they sort of cut their agreement short.
So nevertheless, they are wrapped in unconditional love. They are given an opportunity to assess why they are in this situation.
Why they made those choices. What was going on in the personality as a physical being that allowed them to feel they had no other choice.
At the same time, they are still capable of having the choice as to how to finish the agreement.
Because they made an agreement, the agreement must be followed through with. Now, how they follow through with it is up to them.
They're still given the freedom to decide whether they want to experience the idea of another incarnation to play it out, whether they want to simply, pursue following through with that in spirit, or in another reality, in another dimension, in another civilization, as an incarnation or not.
But the idea is that once you create a momentum by making an agreement to experience certain themes, you will in some way, shape, or form, need to finish that.
Because a momentum and inertia has been created, and the momentum will carry you forward.
But you can wait a while. You can reassess. You don't have to do it right away. You're not automatically pulled back in to physical reality or anything like that.
You are given an opportunity to discuss with your guides, with councils, with anyone helping you, your soul family, to discuss what you got out of it, what you are learning, and what you want to do about completing the agreement in some way, shape, or form.
You may complete it in a different way altogether. But you will choose ultimately to complete it because you're the one that initiated it from a particular perspective, that it was important to do so for your soul's growth.
And as a soul, once again, you will not abandon that reason. So you'll play it out in some way, shape, or form, but you're given more than enough opportunity to make the decision as to how to do that while you are wrapped in unconditional love and assisted by your guides and your soul family.
Q: And how can the formula help you if you're going through the grieving experience?
Bashar: Well, again, it's all right to momentarily experience the grief, missing something, missing someone that was in your life physically.
But the longer that lasts, the more you actually prevent yourself from feeling the connection that is still there to the person even though they're now back in spirit.
So grief can ultimately be a block to communication because you are still experiencing your relationship to them as something that's lost, something that's lost.
So you're not going to be able to say, Oh, I'm going to be able to see them again.
I'm going to be able to see them again. And so we understand that the grief, the grief is something that's lost, something that's missing.
So we understand that in the moment, grief can be something that will simply allow you to come to terms with the idea that something has changed in your relationship with them.
That's fine. That's what the grief is for. It's giving you an opportunity to examine yourself and your relationship with that person so that you can come to terms with the fact that you're in a relationship with them where they are more than what they were.
So you can now start to experience it with joy and congratulations that they have expanded back into their natural state, that they are experiencing unconditional love in their experience, that they are sending you that unconditional love, and they are urging you and encouraging you to reach out into spirit to know that they're all right and to know that that relationship will always exist no matter what is going on with them because that's always going to be a piece of them and it is always going to be important for their soul's growth to have had that relationship in physical reality with you.
So grief ultimately needs to transform and gives you the opportunity to transform the idea of your relationship to them by letting go of the belief systems that you've lost something, that something is missing, and starting to reconnect to them in a bigger, larger, more expanded, more loving way.
Q: Okay, and can you give your perspective on teachings that talk about waking up from this world and returning to God?
There seems to be an idea out there that this is a world of ego and suffering and that we are going to eventually wake up from this world and return to God and then stay in that love forever.
How does this reconcile with ideas of us being eternal creators who continue to learn and grow and explore forever?
Is that just some negative part of our ego wanting that? Bashar: In some senses, yes.
The idea is that if you have experienced a lot of, shall we say, of the tough school, the challenging school, and in a way where you experience the effort of transforming and overcoming negative and fear-based beliefs, then yes, you are longing for relief, you are longing for rest.
And that's okay, and you can have that. But the idea is that once you go back into spirit and are wrapped in unconditional love and have had a chance to process and rest from the experience you chose to have in physical reality, whether positive or negative, it is now the soul's prerogative to understand that it doesn't want to remain at rest.
It wants to move forward. It wants to grow. It wants to go with the flow of creation.
And therefore, it will choose something, whatever that may be, again, to have an experience that will allow the soul to grow.
So that never ends. But you are given an opportunity, as you say, to quote-unquote, go back to God.
And what that basically means is, yes, you can take a break. You can take a rest.
You can have a soul vacation in order to allow yourself to process what you went through, to absorb it, to grow from it, and to determine from those lessons what it is you would next like to do that will allow your soul to continue to expand and to grow.
Because once you are a soul, you can feel that urge much more strongly, that there is an actual inertia and a momentum to expand.
And therefore, you will ultimately choose to continue to have another experience that will allow you to expand.
That doesn't necessarily mean you have to incarnate back on Earth or anything like that.
It's up to you. But you will choose to grow and expand because that's the nature of existence, is to be all that it is.
And that never ends. So that growth, that expansion, doesn't necessarily have to continue to be felt in a suffering way, in a way that tires you out.
But you will choose to grow and expand after you have taken a break if you feel that a break is necessary.
You are always allowed to move at your own pace. That is comfortable for you. You may forget that when you're in physical reality because of the nature of your belief system in physical reality that may make things seem to be too urgent, but once you are back in spirit, you will fall back into your natural flow, your natural pace, and you will take whatever amount of timelessness is necessary for you to decide, yes, I'm now excited to expand and move forward again in some way, shape, or form, and you will make the appropriate choice at that time.
Q: And if we are only ever the person that we are now, like you say, and never become anyone else, how can we continue to evolve and have new experiences after the person that we are dies and the lifetime is over?
Bashar: Well, this person is assuming that physical personality is something that in some way, shape, or form is all you are.
So you will always continue to expand and grow and have different experiences, as I just described, in some way, shape, or form, is all you are.
And again, you can create an experience of reincarnation to appear to be a different person, but the idea is that it's just the way that your consciousness starts looking from a higher level through different eyes that all exist at the same time.
So it's just a matter of changing the focus of what you are as a consciousness to have these different experiences that all exist simultaneously.
So, I think that's the first thing that we need to do. And then the second thing, is to have the ability to expand simultaneously.
So you will use that ability to grow and expand, but the person that you're looking through the eyes of, just to use that particular euphemism, that remains that person, but it doesn't mean you can't have an experience of being a different person, because in a sense, the person that you are familiar with that you are now is not who you are anyway.
It's still eyes that you're looking through, and you have decided to look through other eyes, and you will decide to look through other eyes, and therefore it's just a matter of focusing your consciousness in a way that gives you different experiences that allow you to grow, even though you are taking advantage of a structure that already exists.
We know that that explanation can be a little bit confusing, but nevertheless, Q: that's the best we can do with your language.
Actually, that's very helpful. All right. If all the parallel realities are just there, and we know that they already exist, and we never make changes to the structure, does it mean that the realities with pain and suffering will always be experienced by some part of consciousness?
Bashar: Yes. Nothing ever goes away. But again, you have to understand there are different ways to experience that concept.
So, there are many different ways to experience it. Sometimes you have experienced it in the way that you might call negatively.
And yes, that's always a choice. It's always there. It's always part of the structure.
So, yes, the opportunity always exists. It has to, because some souls actually choose that for their own growth.
Q: Okay. We have some ET questions I think I'll ask here. Could you explain why Sasani clothing is blue?
What kind of clothes do people wear in Willa's society? Bashar: We have never said that all Sasani clothing is blue.
I may have described some of the things I was wearing as blue at the time, but not all Sasani clothing is blue.
We're not sure why you understood it that way. Nevertheless, there is a variety of color in Sasani clothing.
A lot of it is similar. A lot of it is form-fitting. A lot of it serves many different functions.
And we actually have to understand that. We have said in the past that it can change color, and it can actually change its function, because it is a kind of nanotechnological suit that can become many things, including becoming a spacesuit.
So it's not always the same color, and it's not always performing the same function.
That's a misunderstanding. If we were not clear about that, we apologize. Q: So it almost sounds like...
Bashar: In Willa's time, the clothing is a variety of things. Mostly, it is always very comfortable.
It is relatively comfortable. It is relatively loose-fitting in many cases. Although, again, there are exceptions to based on the functionality of what it is that people choose to wear.
But by Willa's time, a lot of people will simply wear what they're comfortable wearing.
Sometimes even what might be considered to be a mix of older fashion styles and styles that may come from other planets as well.
Q: And are there other members of your family that are currently being channeled through other people on Earth right now?
Bashar: There are other members of the Sasani society that are being channeled. No other members of my family, except now and then, you have heard my father come through on rare occasions.
Bashar: Yes. I have a sister that is engaged in the idea of the creation of the birthing villages that crop up now and then Q: to allow Sasani children to be born.
Anybody else? Bashar: There are others. It is not time for me to talk about them.
Q: Okay. And why is it that you're in a parallel reality, 500 light years from Sirius, and not just 500 light years from Sirius constellation?
