Bashar: No, you have misunderstood what we have said. We are in a parallel reality.
Our solar system is about, if you were to overlap the realities, 500 light years in the direction of the Orion constellation from Earth.
We have never said we are 500 light years away from Sirius. We are 500 light years away from Earth in the direction of the Orion constellation, not in the direction of Sirius.
Q: And, for those beings from other races, Pleiadian for example, that have incarnated as a human in order to support humanity, what will they do after they leave the human body?
Will they re-embody and rejoin their original family in the Pleiadian sense? Bashar: Well, some of them may, some of them may not.
It's up to them, isn't it? You're asking that question, whoever is asking it, as if there is simply one way for them to do that.
There is one way for them to do things. They can decide what they will do next. Some of them may continue their Pleiadian journey.
Some of them may continue a human journey on Earth. Some of them may go elsewhere.
Q: It's up to the individual to decide what is best for their soul. Okay, and there is a symbol known as the flower of life, and it's been used by a number of different cultures.
Can you tell us anything about this symbol? Is there any hidden meaning? Bashar: And what could we learn from this symbol?
Yes. The symbol is a shorthand representation of the idea we have discussed of the double Fibonacci spiral overlapping one another in opposite directions, and bringing out the idea of the nodal points, where the lines cross, that represent the different states of energy and matter that form what you understand to be the physical and non-physical multiverse.
So, it's a shorthand symbol that represents the underlying structure, energetically speaking, in terms of a consciousness pattern of how all matter and energy is presented in the multiverse.
Q: And do the Giza pyramids line up with Orion, and also do they line up with Cygnus, since that was where the Anunnaki originated?
The three main pyramids on the Giza plateau, Bashar: do have some alignment with the idea of Orion and the three stars in the belt.
They do not line up with Cygnus. And remember, these things were created long after the Anunnaki were gone.
So, there is no indication in the three pyramids of the idea of the Anunnaki's connection with Cygnus.
It is not representative of that. Q: It is representative of the Orion connection.
Okay, and... You have described how crop circles on Earth are higher level communication with Gaia.
Do phenomenon like crop circles occur on Asasani and other worlds, and how do they differ from those on Earth, Bashar: and how do you relate to them?
They do, in different ways, and can actually form in different substances. The idea is that it can be experienced, as on our world and on some other worlds, as a very playful interaction with certain interdimensional levels of consciousness that communicate by making alterations in the electromagnetic energy of certain physical substances in physical reality.
But they don't have to all appear in crops. Some of them can appear in water, some of them can appear in ice, some of them can even appear in water.
Some of them can even appear in solid matter. Some of them can appear in the air.
So it just depends on how the vibrational resonance of the civilization creates a medium for those interdimensional consciousnesses to be capable of projecting their communicational symbols.
On Earth it is used in crops because that is one of the natural ways you have of relating to the idea of Earth and the elementals is in the things that supply the Earth.
It supplies sustenance to you as a human being. And so it's the easiest way to get your attention.
It's the easiest medium to manipulate because you have an intimate relationship with the idea of crops because they feed you.
Q: Can you explain your role with the ascended masters? Are you working with them?
Bashar: Yes, in many cases. We have actually mentioned this before. Where in transmitting to your collective consciousness we always also go through the different archetypal levels which includes the ascended masters in order to make sure that the information we are sharing with all of you does not in any way shape or form intervene or spoil the surprises you have created for yourself to discover.
So yes, we are always working with them to determine the best way in which to deliver information that serves humanity best.
Q: And is there a symbol we can meditate on to improve our sense of self-confidence?
Bashar: You would have to examine the beliefs about why you are confident that you have no confidence.
So allow yourself to understand there is no such thing as a lack of confidence but you can be very confident that you have no confidence.
So see the symbol of the yin-yang, the paradox, that there is both sides blending together, creating what appear to be opposite ideas but they are still part of one thing and each contains a part of the other.
And so I would like to ask you to think about this. Paradox. Just think paradox. When you think anything like that is lacking I lack trust, I lack confidence, I lack power.
Understand from the point of paradox the symbol, whatever symbol you like that represents paradox be it the yin-yang symbol or even just the letter P capital P for paradox.
Allow yourself to focus on that and understand the paradox in what you are saying.
When you think you have little confidence or no confidence remember you are confident about that.
When you think you have no trust you lack trust, you are trusting that idea. When you think you have no self-empowerment no power at all you are using your power and control to create that experience of lack of empowerment.
So think of it in terms of paradox. Whatever symbol or letter represents paradox to you to put you back in the center of the social space between what appear to be Q: two opposing ideas.
And how can we tell we are living in a split parallel reality dimension? You have spoken about it being like looking through glass.
How do we know we are looking at a split reality or that we are not actually Bashar: part of that reality?
You know it by when you follow the formula and you experience different things than other people are experiencing that may even seem almost impossible or contradictory to experience in a reality like what they are creating.
You know by your own experience of what you are attracting into your life that you are existing in a different vibrational reality Q: than they are.
And lastly, this person says when I started listening to your transmissions I was attracted to the crystal skull session as well as the sacred circuitry session.
What is the connection between these two topics and how can I best utilize this connection for contact?
Bashar: The sacred circuits are representative of the idea of changing the neural pathways in your brain to be more capable of receiving higher frequency energy.
The crystalline matrix, the molecular makeup of the crystal skulls is a kind of representation of this idea that they have certain pathways within them molecularly speaking in the crystalline formation that allows them to collect and absorb and retain and transmit information that is in alignment with the rearrangements you have made of the neural net in your brain by following the sacred circuits which make you a better antenna to receive the kind of higher frequency information that is stored in the skulls.
Bashar: You are welcome. So we thank you for these interactions for allowing us to share these perspectives and again we encourage you to take the actions and the steps if you are willing to be able to align with open contact to give others a chance to do so as well to recognize the difference between theory and what has gone beyond theory because of your own research take the time to do so take the time to recognize when something has gone over the border from theory to fact even if it is still anecdotal you can allow yourself to know the difference but in this context obviously we are talking about the idea of contact with ETs such as ourselves with other inter-dimensional beings but all of this comes down to having more contact within yourselves and with each other being a reflection of the idea of the interstellar alliance in your own reality mirroring that vibration that energy so our unconditional love to you all and we give you over now to the remainder of this transmission go into whatever receptive state, meditative state relaxed state you so desire, you so prefer and we encourage you as always Q: to breathe and breathe and breathe and breathe Bashar: we would suggest at this time that you all allow yourselves to get into a relaxed position to breathe deeply and easily and as you are doing so to add whatever you wish to add in terms of lights sounds, music have you, eyes closed, eyes open, but relax and let go of the cares of the day.
Keep breathing Q: deeply, evenly, fully, in and out, in and out. And as you do so, we ask you to imagine Bashar: a version of earth where open contact is already happening.
In whatever way, shape, or form that that seems relevant to you in a positive context, how you imagine it doesn't necessarily have to be literal.
Just get involved in the vibrational feeling of what such a version of earth would be like.
Like when your eyes are open to the fact that you are not alone among the stars, that there is a galactic family here for you, and that the actions that you are willing to take today can create the navigational tool that will shift you over and over and over again.
Q: With this series ofMMMtai, I hope that you will look into the Bashar: Premier May 25, 2021.
a New World Copyright codemodification www.vimmaproject menoscritico.com © BF-WATCH TV 2021 © BF-WATCH TV Bridges www.BF-WATCH.com © BF-WATCH Video Copyright © BF-WATCH TV 2010 © BF-WATCH TV 2011 what such a version of Earth would be like when there is freedom, when there is bounty, when everyone has truly what they need to thrive, when everyone knows how blessed they are, how appreciative they are for their lives, for the connections they have with their soul family, for the connections they have to all other individuals in humanity, and the deep appreciation for all the reflections that they are given from humans and ETs and spirit guides and Source, from the angelic realm to parallel lives, and the awakening that would happen within them.
And I want to thank you for all the connections and the dynamic interactions that you have constantly going on, that is continuously downloading information and experiences to you to allow you to use them to create your timeline, your life path, as you agreed to do, Q: and as you allow yourself to become more and more and more, open to expressing the fullness of your being, the fullness of your soul.
And you feel, you feel in your heart, in your body, in your mind, in your spirit, the gratitude, the comfort, and the joy, and the joy, and the joy, of what is truly your home in spirit, and seeing the earth, Bashar: and everyone on it, and everyone connected to it, as just another expression of spirit, playing out for your purposes, Bashar: for your soul's growth, for your soul's realization of your full potential, Q: for which you leave it to God.
And that's scenes the gift of love. This published self-care doesn't have to be perfect, or untapped through chance歼 For the existence of compassion, Bashar: love andRIST and not your acceptance of sin.
It's the most straightforward version of love, and it doesn't need потомуize, there will be 잘 tänkerne, at this moment.
When you successful in each is to help the along, it will be. perhaps there are times when a better direction for love is fabricated, Q: and it when women often promoted4 read a beautiful hand sign at the beginning 1 agreement medical and it provided sure, to know, to know, to know your true self Bashar: and see it reflected in the eyes of joy of all the beings that will come to encounter you when open contact blossoms and blooms Q: on the garden of earth that will allow your soul to sigh Bashar: in its expression of release and freedom and joy.
Q: To sigh and let go. To take in all that you have learned. Bashar: To cherish all the challenges that have helped you become Q: in this moment of contact who you are.
Your willingness to be a part of the world to be you. To participate. To be involved.
To be engaged. And to be in love with humanity in all of its challenges Bashar: positive and negative that have brought you to this point in compassion Q: and seeing through the eyes of all that is.
Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe it in. And be free. Breathe it in.
And be yourself. Breathe it in. And join us. Breathe it in. And welcome home. Bashar: To the home that has always been here Q: though it has been invisible for so long.
You are in spirit right now. Welcome home. Q: Eden, our unconditional love to you all.
Our unconditional love to you all. Amen. In service to you Aweah Good day the Apa La .
Aweah! Thank you.

### Bashar — Experimento Social Interestelar, Paso 4 ###

Q: Step 4. Interstellar Alliance Social Experiment, Step 4. Copy the Interstellar Alliance ID card on page 2 into your computer, add your color photo, and fill out the remainder of the card by typing or hand printing the region, city, and your name.
Then add your signature under the photo. The photo should be similar to a passport, driver's license, or other typical ID card photo.
Have the completed card printed in color on heavy paper stock such as 80 or 100 pound stock.
It should be printed out in the dimensions of a standard credit card or business card.
3 and 3 eighths inches by 2 and 1 eighths inches. Cut the card out and carry it with you at all times, just as you would any other ID card.
Present the Interstellar Alliance ID card along with your regular ID card when ID is required and where appropriate.
In order to establish familiarity with Interstellar and Social Experiment, you must have Interstellar Alliance ID cards in the general public over time.
If asked what it is, remember to simply state that the card is part of a social experiment in which you are participating.
If they wish to know more, please refer them to the Bashar.org website where they can find the streaming event recordings that present the different steps of the Interstellar Alliance ID card.
In completing the Interstellar Alliance ID card, regions are as follows. North America, Central America, South America, Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa, Pacific Territories, Atlantic Territories, Antarctica.
The city category can be cities, cities, countries, and territories. The city category can be cities, cities, towns, villages, or established communities.
States or provinces are recognized as local geographical areas and not as political entities by the Interstellar Alliance.
This information will help you in filling out the Interstellar Alliance ID card. Thank you.
Q: and your dialogues, if you wish. Hi Basia, thank you for everything. I would love for you to clarify, where is the point of contact between the realities of pain and suffering, let's say lower vibrational realities with consciousness in it, and higher vibrational truth and messages and beings that want to help.
If they are not there, what is the point of contact? If they are not a vibrational match, they will not be able to receive them.
So my question is, if I am doing acts of service, acts of help, or whatever that is, it might be that I am just raising my vibration by doing so, and I am just shifting myself to a more pleasant reality, that pain and suffering is not there as much, but I did nothing to the frame, to the reality that the pain and suffering still is, and beings that are in a vicious circle of, negative beliefs about themselves and the world, that are getting mirrored back to them over and over again, reinforcing it, those messages, this help, doesn't even reach them, because maybe they are not a match for it.
So, where is that point of contact? What can we do? How does it work? Bashar: As we are in gratitude and appreciation for the co-creation to you.
Q: Beautiful. Beautiful, thank you. It is my understanding that you are the future self of Daryl, is that correct?
Bashar: From one perspective, but we are autonomous beings, existing simultaneously in the timelessness of existence.
Q: Okay. I work as a healer, a counselor, and I have beings that have helped me over the years, Arcturian, and Andromedan now.
Bashar: And I'm wondering, would these be future selves of myself? Some of them can be.
Again, remember that the term future self really means beings that exist in a parallel reality that simultaneously exists with yours.
So it's the connections that you may make to them that would allow you the perspective from your linear point of view that they may be, quote unquote, future selves that you can use as templates to allow your vibration to grow in that direction and become your version of them in your reality.
And more technically speaking, that is what is meant by future self. That you become your version of something in a parallel reality that you deem to be in some way, shape, or form more advanced and therefore can absorb and match the frequency of such, creating a future self in your own timeline, a future version of you that is more in alignment with the being that you are making an energetic connection to Q: in a parallel reality.
Fascinating. Then as we expand our consciousness as healers, we expand our awareness, our consciousness, then I suppose this would mean that different beings would come in then.
Bashar: Yes. As necessary, you are, let's say, plugging into and unplugging from beings all the time in terms of what information you need to download, what information you need to access.
So those that are of a level or a skill or a penchant to provide certain information will be the ones that you automatically and synchronistically plug into when you need it, and you will unplug so that someone else may come in and plug in when you need something different.
It's an ongoing, Q: dynamic exchange that is constantly shifting and changing as necessary.
That's beautiful. Yes. Would you say that, you know, with my clients, I've noticed that some of them are more open to energetic healing and activations than others.
Yes. And one of the criteria or observations that I've made is that those that are experiencing and acknowledging the mystical experience that we have here in the third density as being an indication of somebody who is maybe opening up, you know, they're opening up to the suggestion that that they are multi-faceted beings and that we are of the one consciousness.
You know, removing us, I guess, away from separation consciousness is what I'm trying to say, and into the unity consciousness.
Yes. Would there be another indication? Bashar: Well, there can be many indications.
People can become more psychic, more telepathic. They can start extending their senses to see things that were heretofore invisible to them because there are beings around you and realities around you all the time that are invisible to most of you.
So beginning to perceive different things, spirit beings, the idea of different forms of energy that you couldn't see before, sometimes even the idea of extraterrestrials, extradimensionals, what you call our craft, UFOs, UAPs, starting to see these things more and more around you because they are around you all the time is another indication of the expansion of consciousness and the unification principle.
Now, this is not at the cost of your individuality. It is actually the strengthening of your individuality because as we have said, unification is not the product of homogenization and everyone being the same.
It's the product of the validation of all of the unique differences between you. So it is that the differences become more compatible with one another, more expressive in a unifying way, and thus allowing expansion for everyone to be the puzzle piece they are that fits into the big picture and creates the whole picture that we have.
Q: And that's the idea that supports all the pieces. Beautiful. Thank you. Yes. I feel like there is more that I can do.
And I guess it's what you call follow the plan, follow the formula. Yes. So that if when I am guided or passionately guided to offer something, I guess I would just follow that passion.
Bashar: Yes. But remember what someone else does with what you're sharing with them, is none of your business.
So you cannot have the insistence or expectation that they actually have to get what you think they should get out of it.
You have to let them decide what it is they're getting out of it. Even if it appears that they're getting nothing, they're still getting something.
So you have to let it be what it is because you don't know what their path is, and you don't know when, where, or how they need to pay attention, if at all, to what it is you're sharing.
But at least you're giving them the option, and the opportunity, so that maybe somewhere down the line, in the years to come, they may remember what you shared, and it may become of use to them at that time when they're ready for it.
So you have to let the timing, and the acceptance, and the acknowledgement, and the effect, be in their hands, knowing that what you have shared is all you can do.
Because you've given them the option to use it, but you have also allowed them the freedom to decide whether or not to use it.
Q: Right, right. Excellent. Thank you. Yes. I have just one more question. There's a curious sort of personality that comes and goes, it seems, in this world.
Intriguing. Saint Germain. Yes. I don't know if you've spoken about him before. Bashar: It is an archetypal energy.
It is part of the collective consciousness that comes to those who are oriented according to that frequency.
And therefore, it is available to those who are willing to tap in, for whatever the idea of that particular archetypal consciousness represents to them.
It is of great help to many, and can allow them to feel the opening of their minds, their spirits, their souls, and their hearts, in the service to humanity that they may be willing to provide.
Q: Beautiful. And I think that was everything I had for you. I mean, I had other things, but that's okay.
Thank you very much for your time. Bashar: We thank you. Aveo. Good day. Q: Hi, Bashar.
My name is Mei. I have a question about beliefs. Through my last few years' spiritual growth, I have gained a few wisdoms.
I have become a much happier person. I am now able to see through other people's behaviors to see what their beliefs are, to see how their beliefs have made who they are.
I can't seem to see through my own behaviors. I can't seem to understand what my beliefs are, those beliefs that make my life not as ideal as I want it to be.
So I was wondering if you could help me understand how I can find my own beliefs.
Q: I think that's what I would like to see. So I think that's what I would like to see.
Hi. Good day. Thank you so much for this time. Bashar: It is our passion and our pleasure.
Bashar: Well, you have to not be afraid of making that connection knowing that it's temporary.
You're plugging into a parallel reality version of yourself that may be experiencing that negativity as part of their soul's path for a variety of purposes and reasons that can ultimately be used for their soul's growth.
So you have to understand that you're plugging into something that's not your soul's path in this timeline, but you're willing to make that connection to bring it through to be of service to others and playing a part and allowing yourself to experience what the parallel reality version is experiencing knowing that it's only a temporary presentation because it's not necessarily part of your soul's path here, but it is part of their soul's path in their timeline, in their parallel reality.
So you don't have to worry about it rubbing off on you unless you choose to match that vibration for yourself on this particular timeline.
Q: Yes, thank you, Prashant. And that's also in terms of viewing content as well.
Yes. Bashar: Anything that is representative of a parallel reality that is not what you prefer here can simply be used by you in whatever way, shape or form will allow your soul to grow and used to your positive advantage if that is a technique that you seem to be attracted to use.
I'm not saying you have to use it at all, but the idea is that if you are attracted to use it because it's part of your path, then you can use it in some way, shape or form that provides a catharsis for other people as well as yourself by taking them through the idea of a negative expression and transforming it into a positive one ultimately, even if that's not what the part calls for.
You can still use it that way in your own life. Q: Wow, that is so helpful. Thank you, Prashant.
I also was really interested in how storytelling, art and entertainment work in your world and if that type of learning and entertainment work.
Bashar: Well, not exactly like yours. First of all, as we have said, remember, story structure is built into your psyche.
It's not something you invented, it's something you discovered exists within yourself.
And that's why it's important to hit those story point chords in a certain way because it's like playing a tune and vibrating a harmonic resonant chord within you.
That speaks to your ability to retain that information that the story is providing.
In our society, it's more directly experiential and it is also simultaneously multi-dimensional.
We don't have quote unquote movies or stories exactly in the same way that you do, but we do provide telepathic experiences that allow us to tap into a variety of parallel reality timelines, spirit paths, and other things.
And experiences that then inform us of many more different ways that different beings in creation have of experiencing themselves.
And this is part of what it's like for us to walk through life experiencing a multi-dimensional dream simultaneously as an onrush of images and experiences that are connected to every single image that may come to us in a series of a certain representative path.
Did that explain it to you clearly or was there some confusion in the way that was told to you?
Q: No, that was lovely. Thank you. All right. And I was wondering if you could talk about how parenting works for you.
So when communicating with telepathy and being in alignment with oneself, what does parenting then look like?
Bashar: Well, again, the idea is that we allow the child to understand in a safe way, in a simulation, what the consequences of their choices may be before they actually do it in what you call the quote-unquote real world.
We also invite them to explore how to attract to themselves what they need without having to in any way, shape, or form experience negativity or perpetuate the idea of negativity toward another in order to get it.
So we're teaching self-empowerment. At the same time, we are also teaching them that whatever their passion is, is something that they can use to learn whatever lessons are necessary in physical reality without diminishing their passion.
We do not attempt to, shall we say, fit their passion into the lesson. We use our imagination and creativity to fit the lesson into their passion so that they will want to learn.
We make the idea of learning itself exciting and interesting so that they will develop the desire to learn because they know that learning will always be something they can use from the perspective of what they're already passionate about.
We teach them the formula and how things work in a physical universe in that way.
We teach them the physics of that as we have shared with all of you. We allow them to know that they are truly connected to Source and, of course, underlying all of that is the unconditional love that every being deserves to know that by the very fact of their existence Q: they are worthy in the eyes of creation.
That's so beautiful. Thank you, Bashar. I'll be definitely taking a page out of that book.
Bashar: All right. All you need to do is use your own creative imagination and be willing to see other beings, including children, for what they are as spirits, knowing they have chosen to be where they are as part of their soul's growth path.
And to have the insight and the ability to perceive what it is they are attracting to themselves as part of that path.
And how they will learn lessons from it that will allow their soul to grow. Assisting them with that.
At the same time, guiding them in ways so that they become more familiar to what physical reality is all about.
Q: Wow. Yes. That's a journey. Thank you. Yes, it is a journey. Q: Exciting, yes.
My final question is, what would the best way be to manage the relationship that children have with modern technology?
Bashar: Well, again, you can guide them in ways that let them know there are many ways to experience the connections that they need to make.
If they are allowed to feel isolated in any way, shape, or form, then they may overdo connections to soul.
There are certain things that allow them to either numb themselves, or hide away, or fill a hole or an emptiness that they may feel based on the idea of a feeling of disconnection.
So it is important to allow them to experience connection in many different ways.
And it is all those different ways of connection. Connection to nature, connection to themselves, connection to source, connection to animals, connection to other beings, connection to spirit, connection to the stars, connection to the world.
Connection, connection, connection. Communication, communication, communication. The ability and the willingness and the awareness that there is communication going on between every being and every other being in certain ways will allow them the opportunity to experience the fascination of what kind of communications are going on in those connections, to explore them more broadly, to not feel cut off, to not feel isolated, so that they start relying too heavily on things that shut them down and shut them away from those connections.
Right. Q: That makes so much sense. I know, that's why I said it. Bashar: I'm so grateful to you, Bishar, for everything you do.
Q: Hi, Bishar. My question is about neurodiversity, how our human being evolution is unfolding into from 5D to 7D, and how Christ consciousness is able to help us through these huge shifts, changes, of not only spiritually, but physically.
Thank you. First of all, you're going from 3D or 4D Bashar: into higher level, third density to fourth density transformation, tapping into fifth density energy to do so.
So you have been in third density in the fourth dimension, you're now going to fourth density in the fourth dimension by tapping into spirit energy, expanding your consciousness, which is fifth dimensional, fifth density energy, in order to create the fourth density being in between the third and the fifth.
Seventh dimensional energy is something that is connecting to you in a different way at a different time.
We will not go into that right now. But the idea is, to gain more clarity, to gain more insight, to gain more awareness of what it is you're already connecting to.
And the idea of neurodiversity is simply one of the reasons why we have shared with you permission slips like the sacred circuits, which in a sense are designed to allow you to realign and rearrange your neurological net in your brain, in your body, to make you a better receiver of higher frequency information and energy.
And the neurodiversity is simply the difference between the different ways that are representative of the different soul paths that each spirit has chosen for itself and the way in which they must arrange their neurology in order to be more receptive to the information that is relevant for their particular soul path.
That's what the neurodiversity is actually all about, is you are able to receive information from different levels, different realms, that can be more relevant for your particular specific unique soul's path by arranging your neurology, Q: to be more receptive to those frequencies.
Good day, good day. Q: My questions are three short ones, the first one being, who are my guides that I'm working with, Bashar: and will that change?
Well, it changes all the time, based on their particular skill sets, and what it is they are attempting to guide you in.
So everyone has multiple guides, that take turns based on what's needed at the time.
Now, they are members usually of your soul family, they don't have to be. They can be friends that you know in spirit, and may remember when you return to spirit.
But the idea is that there are sometimes spirits that choose to be guides, that are not necessarily members of your soul family, but they want to practice with someone, and so they are given the opportunity to do so, when and where their skill set and their experience, so allows.
So guides can be many things, they can come from many different places, they can be parts of your soul family, they can be parts of another spirit dimension, they can be extra-dimensional or extra-terrestrial beings, it just depends on what you need at the moment.
But they will trade out and take turns. Usually you will have two to three that sort of stay with you, throughout the lifetime, even though they may also take turns.
Sometimes you connect into the angelic realms as well, again, as necessary. Q: Okay, and allowing that to just happen, and continuing to go with my passions, I will be guided.
Bashar: Yes, of course, always. You're never left alone in that sense, except to the degree where you need to learn to guide yourself.
So it's not done for you, but it is done to help you understand how to get in touch with yourself, feel the connection that you have to Source, that never goes away, so that you can be your own best guide.
So a lot of times the guidance will come through the form of synchronicity, because they're using what's already in front of your face in physical reality to deliver the message.
So if information that you require is already present in your reality, all that a guide may need to do is give you a slight nudge, a whisper in your ear, so to speak, to get you to pay attention to something that's already almost right in front of your face, to give you the information that you need.
You may not recognize that as guidance, you'll just call it a coincidence or synchronicity, that you overheard exactly what you needed to overhear exactly at the right moment, but that can also be the product of a guide nudging you in the direction to make sure that you will run across the information that you need.
Bashar: Of course. Every being is a spirit. Everyone has chosen a path, and every spirit knew that this is a time of transformation and transition on your planet.
It is the ending of certain cycles and the beginning of other cycles that will propel people who are willing to join certain positive cycles into a reality where you will experience an expansion of consciousness, and an expansion of connection to your galactic family and your soul family.
So many children being born on your planet now are not just a new generation, they are a new species entirely.
Q: Okay, thank you. And the last thing is working with sound. I like to work with sound, Sanskrit, music, all of that.
Is there any particular vibrational sound that will help me to... Well, whatever you are attracted to.
Bashar: Explore, experiment. The harmonics that exist that are ones that are representative of natural ratios, what you call golden proportions, and things like that can often be best for most people on your planet to allow you to experience harmony and connection and communion with the idea of nature.
So explore and experiment. Whatever you're attracted to, you're attracted to because the attraction tells you it will work with your belief system.
Q: Got it. Pretty simple, anyway. Yeah. Well, thank you so much. Those are my three.
I appreciate your time. Peace. And thank you again, Bashar. Bashar: Our deep gratitude to you.
Adeo. Q: Does God have a God Himself? Bashar: God, in our estimation, in our particular perspective, is all that is.
If there is the idea that there could be something quote-unquote higher, then that is the all that is.
And if that has something higher, then that is the all that is. So that is an infinite and eternal constant that always moves in the direction of expansion.
And there can be different versions of all that is experiencing the idea of itself being all that is or not being all that is and having something higher being all that is, but that's still all that is.
So that terminology, all that is, to us is more representative of the idea than the word God because all that is can exist at any level that you consider to be higher than what you previously thought God was.
Good day, good day. Bashar: It is our passion and our pleasure as well. Bashar: Not the children so much, hybrids.
More like the idea of the Yael. Q: The Yael. Thank you. I would also like to make the following statement in regards to who I am in the Interstellar Alliance, my future self.
Yes? I am Murad of the Sasani, who is of service by playing with energies, Q: with geometries that help balance oneself.
All right. Q: that will guide you forward. Bashar: Again, it is our passion and our pleasure.
Is there anything else? Q: Yes, I am very excited to interact more with members of your civilization Bashar: at the Skinwalker Ranch this summer.
Well, they won't always be members of my civilization, but they will involve hybrids and several other beings.
Q: I understand. Thank you very much, my unconditional love, to you, Na'ud, Zu, Ban'ed, Nida, Ela.
Bashar: Our unconditional love to you as well. Aveo. Q: Hi, Bashar. First of all, thank you so much for the opportunity to ask you a question.
I really appreciate it. As for my question, about 10 months ago, I realized for the first time how much our thoughts influence our lives and our perception.
This was a game changer. This has changed my life incredibly and I'm much happier and more balanced than before.
But, without a but, there would be no questions, there are still some belief systems that I'm not aware of, but which seem to be standing in my way on my path of passion.
So my question is, how do I manage to find these belief systems that are still hidden?
And once I have brought them to the surface, how can I change them? Thank you again so much for this opportunity to address my question to you personally.
Bashar: Alright, well, two things. Number one, you have to be able to tell the difference between red light synchronicity and something that is actually blocking your way.
That is a negative thing, a negative belief. Because there is green light synchronicity that says here's an opportunity you are able to act on, and there's red light synchronicity that says this may be representative of your passion, but it's not the time for it.
It's the time for you to act on it now. So look for something else that is representative of your passion you are able to take some action on.
Otherwise, it may be something that is being blocked by a negative belief you're holding onto.
And the idea is to understand what you may be getting out of, if that's the case, holding onto that negative belief.
Because you don't hold onto anything that you don't believe serves you. So if you believe that the alternative is worse, or scarier, or that something worse will happen if you move forward, then you will stay exactly where you are regardless of how it may not be representative of what you prefer, because it feels more familiar and it feels safer than the belief system that's telling you that moving forward would be scarier or something worse would happen than where you are now.
So stay where you are so you'll be safe. So you have to first be able to tell the difference between whether it's just red light synchronicity saying this is your passion, but not right now, look for something else you can act on, and a negative belief that is actually preventing you from moving forward because you're afraid that moving forward will be worse than staying still.
So you have to get into yourself, you have to be honest with yourself about the idea of what you believe might happen if you did move forward in that way, if you did have the opportunity to act on what you say your passion is, and find out whether or not you are actually afraid of something if you move forward, or whether it's just a matter of red light synchronicity saying it's all well and good, you'll act on this at some point, but not right now, it's not the timing.
So you have to have an honest discussion within yourself and discover which one it is.
When you do discover a fear-based belief, a negative belief, and you bring it to the surface, and you're aware of it, and you find out why you may be choosing to buy into it and stay where you are, it's about making that belief seem nonsensical because as soon as it seems nonsensical, you will drop it because you don't hold on to nonsensical things.
The idea is that a belief makes itself seem to make sense and that's why you hold on to it.
So if it makes sense to you, if you think it's a fact that something worse would happen, then you will avoid moving forward at all costs.
But if you look around to other people who may be doing something similar to what it is you say you're excited to do, and ask yourself, well, if they can do it, why can't I?
Then you can understand that if you have the ability to perceive them doing something similar to what you would be passionate about doing, you have that ability too.
And that the idea of the belief that may be holding you back doesn't make sense in light of the fact that other people can do it, so why can't you?
So you have to find the nonsense in the belief. And sometimes it's just a matter of knowing that you picked this up from someone else growing up, your parents, your friends, your school, your society, and that it has more to do with the issues that you telepathically took from them than you did.
And that's what it does with your own issues. And it makes no sense for your path to buy into those beliefs anymore.
So as soon as it becomes nonsensical, it makes no sense to you anymore, it's gone.
Q: Hello! Good day, good day. Bashar: How are you? I'm so excited to meet you. Perfect.
We are excited to meet you as well. Q: Well, I followed my excitement and it brought me here.
Q: Alright. I guess I have something to share Q: that leads up to a question. Q: I have been able to meditate and connect to you and Willa, and you've given me some really big permission slips and I've been able to experience some big transformations.
It all started with me leaning on the trees and being in nature. Yes, the cryptic meditation.
Yes, and reconnecting to nature and the heart rate. But I'm able to do that with the spaceships as well.
And it's almost like I'm starting to understand why they call it the mothership. I'm getting such wisdom.
I don't even need to read anymore. It's like the information is just transferred so quickly.
And so much love and support and unconditional love. And it's so exciting. So this entity called EcoBar came into my consciousness and it's given me steps and it keeps telling me to follow the steps.
And there's going to be helpers that come into my life. There's been a lot of people Bashar: and I think you're one of the helpers.
We are all helpers. You are all helpers. Everyone is a helper, whether they know it or not.
Q: That is true. And so they even told me that I was going to get this official government letter.
So I've been like checking the mail like a mad woman. But then in your social experiment, you gave us that letter.
Yes. And so it's almost like any doubt that I've had until this point, served me until this point.
And I've recently let go of that belief. Bashar: All right. Congratulations. Q: So does EcoBar, does the name have any relevance to you?
Could you give me any clarity or advice, support? Bashar: It is a combination word that is representative of certain frequencies that are important for you at this time.
And it is a combination hybrid that is connected to different civilizations. It is not just one thing.
It is several things that will come together and make sense in the future when you develop clearer communication with that entity.
Q: That makes a lot of sense because this entity is from the ninth dimension. And I usually have to go into like gamma wave states, go higher, raise my frequency in order to have this clear communication.
And I think I've been doubting it. And this interaction is just giving me, I guess, the, it's the manifestation that I was looking for.
Bashar: Yes. But also let go of the labels. Things like ninth dimension are relatively arbitrary.
You will understand the reason why that comes across to you later when you have a fuller understanding of what the entity actually is and how the idea of the ninth dimension is simply a translation in your reality for understanding the vibrational frequency that that entity represents.
Q: That makes a lot of sense. And that's exactly, anytime I have a block, it's because I'm forcing the connection.
And so it doesn't happen. And you are right. It's a combination of a lot of light beings that have been entering my consciousness.
And I'm remembering, I'm connecting to a lot of parallel realities. And I'm a part of the hybridization.
Bashar: You are becoming aware that you're connecting to a lot of realities because all of you always connect.
Yes. To parallel realities. It's just that the expansion of consciousness allows you Q: to become aware of what you've already been doing.
That makes a lot of sense. Yes, it does. Can you give me, can you give us any clarification on all the solar activity going on right now in Aurora Borealis?
Because I know that there's a connection with me. I've always been attracted to that.
So I just figured. Bashar: All right. Well, again, the solar storm that your planet is experiencing is an opportunity to transform those energies and accelerate those energies.
It's like saying my vibrational frequency can raise to the point where I can sort of, shall we say, euphemistically ride the wave of the solar energy coming to you now.
You can be propelled. You can be accelerated. You can be pushed more accelerated in a way toward the idea of what it is you prefer.
You can use it as a cleansing mechanism, a cleansing vibration, a cleansing harmonic to let go of the things that are no longer relevant for you.
Negativity, fear-based beliefs, and emerge by riding that wave into a new reality that is purer, that is more streamlined, so to speak.
You can use it that way. Q: That makes a lot of sense because last night I, it came to me, it finally connected when you're saying, like, tell the story that you prefer.
So I told myself a bedtime story. All right. And it was fantastic and I'm going to add that to my bedtime routine, but just telling the story that we prefer because we're already telling the story.
It's just most of the time doesn't serve us and we're just in this cycle. Bashar: Yes, the solar storm is kind of a way of acting like a broom.
It's like any wind that clears out debris and allows for a fresh start. On a different level, of course, in a different way, of course, with regard to the physics involved.
But nevertheless, it is like a certain kind of wind that sweeps through and clears out the old debris and makes room for new growth.
Q: That's exactly what I'm experiencing. Thank you for giving me some clarity on that.
I guess my other question is, is there anything that I can do to help myself clarify when I am acting on excitement versus anxiety?
Bashar: Well, again, just honest self-investigation should be able to tell you the difference.
If you're willing to hear the answer, willing to discover what's going on, ask yourself, why am I choosing this?
You'll know if you're honest within yourself and take a moment to figure that out, whether it's from true excitement or whether it's anxiety.
You just have to have an honest self-disclosure. Q: Honest self-discussion with that.
To take that pause. Yeah, and I think that's the breath work helps me a lot, is to just start breathing better.
Bashar: Just breathe. And in the spaces, take the time to investigate yourself. You don't have to rush forward.
Take the time to sit with it and ask yourself, why am I choosing this? Is it from excitement?
Is it from anxiety? And just go within and let the answers come. And don't be afraid of whatever they are, because it's part of your soul's growth, part of your soul's path to figure that out.
So that's the most important thing you can do Q: in those moments when you're uncertain.
And this entity, EcoBar, is saying that I'm somehow going to move from what I'm doing, I'm a storyteller, into science.
And I know that science and spirituality is the same thing. Bashar: Well, sort of.
Different expressions of the same thing. Q: It's going to become more apparent to more people.
And I'm somehow, I'm writing this children's book about breathwork, and it's somehow connected to getting the children to remember how to breathe, which in turn will get the parents to remember how to breathe.
And it's going to help them. I guess the children will be the first to go on the ships.
Bashar: That's kind of my interpretation. Well, we're not going to comment on that at this particular moment.
Bashar: It's a little premature. It's a little premature. Q: Definitely. I think that's what the entity keeps telling me too.
Q: Okay. Thank you so much. This has been an amazing experience. Bashar: What we described as what you can use the solar wind for, what you typically refer to as a solar storm, but solar wind, is one of the reasons why the mothership that I am associated with is named the solar wind.
Wow. Because that's what it does. Vibrationally. It clears the way for new growth.
Q: Okay. One more comment. I'm a Reiki practitioner. And prior to your teachings, the entities and the beings that would come were mainly angelic ancestors, people's loved ones, Jesus.
And as soon as I've connected to your teachings and was able to integrate the information, the spaceships are coming now.
Yes. Bashar: Well, you've reached a different level. Now, that's not to say that you're not going to be able to do it.
Now, that's not to say that the spaceships are more than or better than what you were getting.
But there's a timing to this in terms of what people on your planet are ready to receive.
The idea is that people have been more ready to receive knowledge from spirit than they have from extraterrestrials until recently.
So the idea is that you're right in step with the idea of what the collective consciousness is now open to receiving from a new source that is representative of the connections you are making to the stars as well as connections you have been making to spirit.
Because there's not that much difference between the two, but your society has been making a difference between the two.
Oh, spirit is one thing, extraterrestrials is something else. And yes, that's true.
Q: But we are closer to the idea of the vibration of spirit than you think. Q: Okay.
Okay, that makes a lot of sense. And you're right, because each client, it will be different.
The client that's ready to experience a little more clearing, the spaceships will come and the extraterrestrial energies will come.
And I'm seeing clearing on a level that I have never seen. And it's very similar to what you expressed with the solar flares.
And I just feel so appreciative to be able to have this in my reality now. It's just, it's amazing.
One last thing I wanted to share is about the stars. Ever since I was a little girl, I would always tell my parents that I was a star.
And they thought it was that I wanted to break into Hollywood, which ended up being a part of my journey as well.
But it wasn't. I now understand what I meant, that I am a star, like that's home.
Bashar: Yes. Spirit is your home. Q: It is. It's everyone's home. Q: If there are parts within the whole, and the whole contains everything, that means there is nothing outside of the whole.
How does that not contradict the idea that nothing cannot exist? Bashar: No, non-existence doesn't exist.
And the idea that you call outside is within the whole. So, there is nothing outside of it, but the very concept that you call outsideness is a concept that exists within the whole.
Just as the idea of non-existence is an idea that exists within existence. And by definition, non-existence doesn't exist.
That's its quality, to not exist. Non-existence is different than nothingness. Nothingness is still an experience within existence.
So, you might simply have terminologies that are not necessarily providing an accurate definition for you in that question.
Q: So, that doesn't really make that observation Final. You're doing something really great that's actually quite constructive so, people are very positive in their shares in the milli-ethier.
By definition, non-existence is Islamic. Bashar: It's your own extinction period.
Q: We both in and for ourselves are living in that and I am jelly about it. Bashar: Why we love it, for the hairstthem washing leave this place.
We enjoy the recession a lot more because then we come to talk about it with the things we love.
Q: We enjoy hooks and hammers. And the question is, can we print QR codes to direct people to the Bashar website in the back of the ID card?
No. Bashar: Do not alter the card in any way. Q: Yes, because it says, can we take some creative license with the ID card?
Bashar: No. The experiment is designed specifically, even though you may not understand all the reasons why it is designed the way that it is, please do not alter what we have presented to you.
Q: Okay, and about step three and four, this individual says, I certainly esteem, trust, and love you.
At the same time, I know almost nothing about the Interstellar Alliance. Could you please tell us more about what is the aim of the Interstellar Alliance?
What makes it unique compared to the other alliances? And who are its members? I'd like to feel coherence within myself as we proceed with the steps of the social experiment that require to act on behalf of the Interstellar Alliance or provide identification as a member.
Bashar: We cannot tell you all of the beings that are part of the Interstellar Alliance.
But you can understand that while some of the beings we are about to name are part of the Interstellar Alliance that we are referring to, they may also belong to other alliances.
And alliances can interact with one another for a variety of purposes and reasons.
In the idea we are referring to as the Interstellar Alliance, there is the Sirius civilization, the Pleiadian civilization, the idea of the hybrids, of all types, the ideas of the mantis beings, the beings that you refer to in many encounters as the tall whites, and several others that we are not yet allowed to name.
The idea of the Interstellar Alliance is again for the support and expansion of all beings within it to allow them to experience different opportunities, to explore, to expand, to experience their soul's growth in a variety of ways, to offer opportunities that may be unique to different civilizations, and allow every member to live their path as fully as possible, to expand the family of beings that belong to it.
For again, when more are involved, there are more opportunities to experience, to experience more of all that is.
This may be a very brief and simplistic response, but that's what we are allowed to say at this time.
Q: Okay, thank you. This person says, I feel overwhelmed at the amount of people we're supposed to send letters to.
Is it okay if we focus on the political group in our home state and our president?
Yes. Bashar: Remember, the idea of this social experiment is to make sure that we are not only the people that are involved, but also the people who are involved, and that's what we're trying to do.
The idea of this social experiment is to make sure that we are not only the people that are involved, but also the people who are involved.
You know, the idea of this social experiment is not just about what you are or are not capable of doing, but also what we are watching you do.
The idea is to do your best. Keep it simple. Therefore, it's up to each individual to decide how far they can take what it is we have suggested.
So, there is no right and wrong about this. It's about each individual determining for themselves what they are comfortable with.
That's why we say it depends upon the amount of participation that is correct for you.
So, the idea is not focusing on the consequences of the actions or inactions, but simply do your best and know that that will have the desired result necessary for your particular path if you are doing your best.
And be creative and imaginative about how you might be able to expand what it is you're doing to get that information out in the way that we have suggested.
But if you are using your creative imagination, if you are acting on your passion, then whatever resources you have at your fingertips, however far you are capable of taking it, will be just fine.
Don't worry about the things you cannot do, just focus on the things you can do and do your best.
That's all you have to do. As we have often said, when we give you an exercise, it is, to some degree, up to you to determine the correct way for you.
Now, there are some things here as we have just said that are not necessarily available for you to alter, to change, to add to, or subtract from.
Because the social experiment does have certain parameters that give us a better reading on what is going on energetically on your planet if you stick to the parameters that we have provided.
Nevertheless, within the parameters we have provided, do your best to act on them as far as you can take them, to whatever degree you feel Q: comfortable doing so.
Great. This person was saying, sending out letters to Congress and the Senate is harder than I expected it to be.
Mailing a letter in person is expensive, with stamps at 73 cents each, and 700 letters at that price obviously is expensive.
And there aren't email addresses. You must send letters through an online contact form, which doesn't let you do any except for reps from your state.
Any suggestions here to assist Bashar: us in the process? As I said, you can use your creative imagination to find that there may exist already lists that provide you email addresses for some of the people you may not have them for at this particular point.
But again, as I already answered, do your best. Take it as far as you can. Even an individual who is only capable of sending out perhaps 25 letters are still going to create an impact when they arrive at the other end.
So, do your best. Take advantage of whatever resources you have the ability to take advantage of.
Just again, do your best. Don't worry about taking it any farther, but use your creative imagination to see if there may be other avenues that you can take advantage of.
Again, these are the things that we are watching for. These are the things we are observing.
It's not just about the idea of what you are doing, it's about the idea of how you go about doing this, how much you are willing to allow your imaginations and creativity to open up to find other pathways, find other routes, and the inventiveness that you utilize in this process.
So, again, do your best. There is no right and wrong way about that. Do your best.
It all adds up. It all matters. Q: It all counts. Thank you. After viewing step 3, I checked and searched for all leaders in the areas you had mentioned.
Many of the leaders in Canada's government in high up positions have not been voted for, but appointed by the Prime Minister.
And most military higher-ups are not voted for either. I watched Parliament since 2020 to see who's who, who has power, and who makes decisions.
The form letter does not apply to many contacts with the power you indicated, like government, military, etc.
What I did find are listings of the First Nation National Chiefs, and there are about 1.6 million Native ones in Canada that may want to know about the and accept the contact with the Interstellar Alliance.
Some of them are in the political systems which I will reach out to. This is more vibrational of my joy.
Would it be possible to have Bashar draft a letter for the Assembly of First National Leaders and just ordinary awakening human beings to be sent out?
I have posted and told some, and so far the reactions are positive. Also, would it look more direct from the Interstellar Alliance by removing the social experiment group Bashar: in the signature?
No. Again, there is purpose to the way that this has been designed for now. There may be other variations, other letters we will propose in the future, in the future steps that we will deliver to you.
Right now, this is what we have delivered for a specific reason. We understand that many individuals may not necessarily have been voted for, but appointed.
But again, you can still reach certain individuals who have been put in positions of authority.
And remember that a lot of the individuals you were contacting will do the work for you by sharing the idea with other individuals.
So again, we are doing this in a specific way for a specific reason. Watching for the flow of how information is sent and received and shared on your planet.
Because that's something we can keep track of if you send out what it is we have specifically designed for you to send out.
Because what we have designed for you to send out has a particular frequency to it that we can actually track.
So that's why it's important not to alter it. But just send it out wherever you can, however you can.
As you have said, you've already shared it with certain individuals who have responded positively.
And you have to know that those individuals will share it where they feel it's appropriate to be shared.
So they will do some of the work for you. So just send it out as best you can. Do not worry about the language.
It is constructed that way for a very specific reason and a very specific purpose.
Again, it all boils down to take it as far as you can, do your best. Don't worry about the details right now.
There is a reason for why it is presented to you in the way that it is presented.
And there will be other things that will be Q: presented in the future. So you can do that.
And I will be happy to answer any questions that you have. Thank you. And this one question is, does it matter if we send the social experiment letter as word file attached to the email versus if we just write the letter in the email body text with no file attachments?
You said that we should not write anything else besides the text in the letter. So I was wondering if I can send Bashar: the letter as a file attachment but with a brief explanation.
You cannot design an introduction that may fit with the vibration of what it is we have suggested for you to do.
Therefore, if you have to send it as a file attachment, we would suggest no more than the introduction of it as the Interstellar Alliance social experiment.
And no further explanation about that. Let the letter itself be an explanation. However, it would be preferable if you would actually attach the body copy in the email itself rather than sending it as a file attachment so that upon opening the email, the letter will be readily available to be read without opening the attachment.
But if you have to send it as an attachment, then do not create an introduction that is lengthy.
Just simply label it for what it is and let the results speak for themselves. Q: And this next question is, if we don't send out the letter as you suggested, but we do the other steps, will it influence the trajectory of what timeline we end up in?
You stated that not everyone will choose to participate in all the steps. So what will happen to that specific group?
Is it okay not to do all the steps? Bashar: As I said, it's up to you to determine what steps you wish to participate in.
So that's completely up to you. You cannot look at this idea as a group, because everyone will have slight differences in terms of how they approach this.
So it's not really one group that either is or isn't doing the steps. The steps will be done in different ways by different individuals to different degrees.
We are tracking everything as we need to. Don't worry about it. Just participate in whatever way you can, but again, be willing to look at your own belief systems about why you may or may not be participating if there are any fear-based beliefs, negative beliefs that come up, that prevent you from participating, then the purpose is to examine those beliefs and see if you can let them go so that you would be more willing to participate.
And again, some of that coming up within you is part of the reason why we suggested what we suggested, because we are watching the degree of willingness that people have in involving themselves in this process that they look at those beliefs that come up and the willingness to let them go or change them is part of the social experiment that we are observing.
Q: Yeah, in a way, this next question says, um, the step three task was oddly difficult for me.
I contributed to the effort by translating the material to languages that I am licensed to.
However, sending out the actual letters or emails raised a fear of prosecution for me.
Can you talk about why this Bashar: might be? Yes, again, what I just said. Part of the process of presenting this social experiment is also to allow people to come to terms with the idea of their beliefs about open contact, what effects that might have on their lives, and what effect the idea of interaction with other humans in that process might also have on their lives so that they can face those particular fear-based and negative beliefs and take the opportunity to deal with them and let them go.
So, that's part of the social experiment, is to discover fear-based beliefs within yourself and deal with why you're holding on to that and why you think that you are in any way, shape, or form at risk.
So, just allow yourself to explore those fear-based beliefs, those negative beliefs, see if you can let any of them go, and see if in letting some of them go you find yourself more willing to participate in the social experiment in the way that we have suggested.
But again, it's up to you. But certainly you can use this opportunity to get in touch with any fear-based beliefs in the normal course of your life anyway.
So, that's part of the social experiment, is to see what comes up Q: in each and every one of you.
Yes. In fact, this next question says, in the April broadcast you mentioned that we must let go of our fear-based beliefs to increase our vibration.
I just sent out the letter to two officials today and suddenly had a question about the below sentence in the letter.
Doesn't this sentence induce fear or threat to the individuals and officials that we would not be voting for them if they don't do it our way?
Excerpt is basically, please be aware the members of this social movement intend to vote for and elect only those leaders and representatives who publicly and actively support and promote such disclosure and with our votes replace all officials who do not.
Bashar: Yes. It is not intended or designed to induce fear, but again to present to other individuals the opportunity to understand the consequences of their choices.
Therefore, if fear comes up within them, that is their issue because there is no reason for these individuals to be afraid other than the situations they have created for themselves and must face those situations which is of vital importance in participating in the idea of open contact.
So this is really just a statement designed to allow people to get in touch with the idea of their vibrational preferences and also demonstrate the consequences of choices that may be vibrationally incompatible with the concept of open Q: contact.
Okay. Step 3 states Q: that we believe that UFOs or UAPs do not represent a threat of any kind to national or global security.
I don't understand how that statement can be made if there has been historic evidence of interactions that have appeared harmful to human beings.
I understand that we all have a soul plans and that we may choose these historic interactions that appeared to be negative.
But I am not clear as to how concisely explain that to an elected official. Bashar: First of all, it is not your job to explain anything about this to an elected official.
You are exceeding the boundaries of what we have described as suggested by the social experiment.
It's not your duty to explain anything, just to present the information. However, you have actually answered your own question by saying things that have appeared to be negative.
It doesn't mean they were. And also, the statement is designed based on an admission from your own earthly governments, wherein some of the research they have done, they have put out in public the statement that UFOs and UAPs do not appear to pose any kind of a security threat to humanity.
So we are simply using their own words and reflecting them back to them in this statement.
Because they are the ones that have stated it does not appear that these phenomena pose Q: any particular security threat.
Okay, and will you tell us about a being who is in the Interstellar Alliance who is working closely with you, Bashar, Bashar: on the social experiment?
Well, the being that you already may know of that we refer to as Anima is part of the idea of being in the social experiment because she is a social engineer.
And therefore, one of the ones along with myself and others that are of primary involvement in the idea of this social experiment, because it involves the idea of the social engineering of your entire society by yourselves, to direct yourselves more in the direction of open contact, which would then ultimately require assistance from the social engineers in our society to help you assimilate and absorb and adjust to the idea of sudden being in contact with galactic societies.
So, Anima is one of the beings that is closely associated with this social experiment.
And of course, there are many Q: others. Okay, and then I think this is the same individual.
They said, when I acted on step three it felt like I was sending letters to different beings who were in different parallel realities of different frequencies and different from mine.
But it does help me to raise my vibration to the parallel realities more aligned with what I prefer.
I felt step three is like sending unconditional love, encouragement and support for all the recipients and doing a favor for all of us.
Are my feelings and perceptions Q: Very good. And then this last question on the experiment.
After quieting myself with meditation I have been able to contact the Interstellar Alliance directly.
Is this something that you Bashar: encourage? Yes, of course. Why not? Q: Okay, so on to some other questions.
This is a question about self-forgiveness. This person is saying that when they were a teenager, they made a mistake that haunts them.
While they were never formally punished for it by the legal system, they've done a lot to look at it and learn from it and try to move forward.
Most of the people that they've spoken to have reflected that you should forgive yourself and let yourself move forward.
But I still wonder if I've been punished or if I've paid for it enough. I don't want to put myself in a negative position like that for a mistake that they made almost 20 years ago, but they're not sure how to fully just forgive themselves.
How might you recommend that people navigate this situation where they feel like they've made past mistakes and they're still holding onto or still hanging over them Bashar: in some way?
Well, they are simply creating a belief system that makes them afraid to move forward because they are afraid they might make another mistake.
But the idea is that if you're learning the lessons from the mistakes you have made, then that gives you the ability to learn from those lessons what to do and how to move forward to be of service to humanity.
The longer you hold on to the idea of self-recrimination and self-punishment and self-judgment, then the longer you will wait to be able to utilize what you have learned from making that mistake, the lesson that you could apply in your life that would allow you to move forward to be of service to humanity.
So you are holding back your service to humanity, you are holding back sharing the gifts that you potentially have to give because you are too busy using your time to continue to punish yourself and judge yourself negatively for simply having done something that allowed you to learn a lesson that would actually allow you to be of service to humanity.
So you're creating a kind of self-referential, self-continuous loop of negativity by not using the lesson to move forward and be of service to humanity in the way that you could, knowing that if for some reason you do make a mistake in the future, it is simply something else that you can learn a lesson from that would enhance your ability to continue to expand your service to humanity if you're willing to use it that way, if you're willing to see it in that light.
Q: Can you think of a permission slip that an individual can use in that situation to sort of absolve them of their guilt and fear of continuous Bashar: recrimination?
Well again, it's about them deciding whether or not they actually wish to experience a positive reality and whether or not they wish to be of service to humanity.
If they decide that they do, then the desire to be of service should give them the ability to change their frequency and know that it is, in a sense I'll just put it in your old-fashioned terminology, a way to change the frequency of the world.
And that is a waste of time for them to continue to recriminate themselves because then they are not using the lesson that could be coming from the experience of having made the mistake in order to turn it around in a way where they can share information with humanity that would be of service to all.
So it depends upon what they find more important, to continue to wallow in self-recrimination and not be of service to humanity or to use the lesson in a way that allows them to put out a positive message that is of service to humanity.
What's more important to you? Q: Okay. Now this person's question is true happiness and a family happiness contradictory?
No. This individual says they're from China and recently their mother introduced her to a boy and asked her to date him.
But she didn't really like the boy and she feels she is bisexual and she doesn't like the boy and she feels she is bisexual who leans towards girls.
But she also thinks that she can never find love. Every time she falls for someone she feels ashamed, a voice in her subconscious tells her that she will dislike the real me and that many flaws that they have can be disliked.
She would like to hear your answer to that. You have to be your true self. Bashar: All you're doing is telling yourself that you're not the one.
You're telling yourself the same things that you are picking up from your parents over and over and over again because you think that to let that go would be to dishonor them.
The only way to actually honor your parents whether they understand it or not is to be who you actually are.
Because who you are is going to be what creates situations and circumstances that will be of benefit to those you attract in your life who then get to experience a relationship with the real you as opposed to experiencing a relationship with someone that you are not.
Which is a way of deceiving other people. So if you don't want to deceive other people and you want to attract people into a relationship where you are authentically you so that they know who they are in a relationship with, it is important to let go of all of the ideas that have nothing to do with who you really are but are only representative of the fear issues within your parents, within others, of your society that have nothing to do with the authentic you.
If you are truly willing to be in a real relationship with someone you have to be your authentic self.
Bashar: Yes, you are punishing and restricting yourself unnecessarily. You are overthinking things.
The idea is you are holding yourself back and you are not allowing yourself to move forward because you are using all of those things as an excuse to not move forward.
There are ways you can go about doing all of those things that are at least in some way, shape, or form more in alignment with the way you would prefer to do them.
And if there isn't, the idea is then do something about making changes in your society that would allow you to move forward on those things so that society can perhaps learn to do them in different ways that are more beneficial to all.
But the idea is that you are simply focusing on all the negative things which only increases the negative energy.
You are compounding the negativity by being afraid to move forward because of what you believe to be negativity itself involved in all of those things.
Don't use it as an excuse to not move forward. If you are going to allow changes to occur that are positive, you do have to take some actions, otherwise nothing happens except a reinforcement of the negativity that you are perceiving.
But getting caught up in in terms of all these details. Allow yourself to know there are ways to do things that are more positive, and if there isn't, then you have the opportunity to invent ways of doing things that are more positive, or teach others how to come together to think of new ways using your creative imagination.
That's what it's all about. So if you see something that you are vibrationally not compatible with, then do something in your creative imagination to change those things to be more vibrationally compatible with the reality that you prefer.
Don't just sit there and refuse to move because then you're just reinforcing all the negativity that you are choosing to focus on.
Q: Okay, and what is the best way to respond to someone violating your boundaries when you cannot immediately leave the Bashar: situation?
Well, we would have to engage this individual in more detail to understand all of the details of the situation they are referring to because it is not always true that they cannot leave the situation as a representation of the consequences of someone who may be violating their boundaries.
But if it is true that they cannot immediately leave the situation, then certainly they can stand their ground and say I understand that you may not feel that you are doing so or it may not be your intention to do so.
So I will take the responsibility of telling you that to me it feels as if, it appears as if you are violating boundaries that are important to me and I respectfully request that you stop doing so.
If they refuse to stop doing so, then again, you can say this is what I am perceiving, whether you are actually doing it or not and I am asking you to respect the idea of what it is I am perceiving.
Because even if I am not correct that you are intentionally doing this, this is what I am experiencing and I am asking you to respect what I am experiencing.
If they still refuse to understand how to honor what it is you are experiencing, then it is our understanding that there is probably some way that you can disconnect from the situation even though it may seem at first that it is unlikely you can do so.
But you may have to be bolder about your ability to do so in order to see the Q: opportunities to move away.
Okay, thank you. Yes. This person wants to know, how do we remain true to ourselves when our society is based on committed relationships?
How do we learn to trust ourselves when making decisions? How do we end procrastination and fear and analysis paralysis?
Never making a decision in fear of outcome. How do we determine what is right for us and not hurt others?
Bashar: Well again, you have to some degree used the word committed relationships as if there is only one way to have a committed relationship.
The idea is to be clear in communication as to what it is that is true for you but also be honest within yourself about why you think it's true for you because sometimes what you're putting out might be the result of anxiety and fear and negativity as opposed to a true representation of your passion.
However, if it is a true representation of your passion of being your authentic self then all you have to do when any relationship opportunity presents itself is express what is true for you and let the other people decide whether or not they wish to be engaged in such a relationship as you have expressed it.
So the idea is to simply commit to what is authentic for everyone so that everyone has the ability to be informed, everyone can enter a relationship in a consensual way knowing what it is that the relationship is for and all about and how the format needs to be presented to be authentic for all the individuals to be involved.
The idea of procrastination is again a feeling overwhelmed in moving forward which means you may not be going about doing the thing in a way that is truly in alignment with your passion because you can never really attract something that is more than you can handle but you can have a belief system that makes it appear to be more than you can handle because you may be going about it in ways that don't actually work for you or ways that are not actually aligned with your true flow.
So procrastination is usually the result of holding on to the idea that you have to do things in a certain way that are not in alignment with your flow so investigating yourself and letting go of those belief systems and understanding there is always a path that works for you will allow you the opportunity to explore exactly what that path looks like and to align with it in such a way that you can start to flow forward again knowing that you don't have to experience any degree of overwhelm if you take the time and exercise your creative imagination to find the way that works for you because when you become excited about the path itself that's in alignment with your passion because it is also representational of your passion then you will stop at nothing to move forward.
Not moving forward means you're not going about it in the way that works for you Q: Okay, and then this person would like to know they need some help reframing abundance and manifestation when dealing with significant debt.
The very word has negative and lack implications even when the person says debt free or zero debt the word debt gets me right back to the presence Bashar: Well that is primarily because you are giving it only a negative definition.
You can also look at debt in a positive way which means there is an active principle going on where you are flowing different forms of abundance through yourself to others in such a way that allows you to attract even more So the idea is depending on how you define the concept of debt and not always frame it in a negative construct.
However at the same time you have to be honest within yourself about looking as to why you may have created an imbalance in the idea of your outflow with your inflow and you may be restricting the ways in which you are allowing abundance in its different forms to come to you which may be creating a bottleneck that allows you to experience more outflow than inflow because you are restricting the inflow by not seeing the different forms of abundance that are available to you as being equal to other forms of abundance and support So you have to first and foremost balance all the ways in which you could be supported as being equal all the different definitions of abundance as being absolutely equal in their ability to allow you to move forward and allow you to increase your input while at the same time looking at the idea that if you are being honest with yourself and not acting out of anxiety then your outflow as well will be in balance with your inflow automatically.
Again synchronicity as the organizing principle will help with this when you define the ideas in ways that work for you as opposed to holding on to definitions that don't You have said that the word debt implies lack.
It doesn't have to Again, you can look at the idea as simply a product of your outflow and it is something that allows you to know you are rich and abundant by having that level of outflow because by having that level of outflow that you are now looking at in a negative way, the level of outflow can actually be representative of your capability of attracting an inflow that is equal to the outflow or even larger than the outflow so you do not feel that you are quote unquote negatively in debt to anyone from the negative definition or point of view so looking at debt is simply another way of saying I have an outflow it is of this capacity it is of this magnitude and that magnitude of outflow that magnitude of owing to other people in a sense and supporting other people which is another positive way of looking at debt supporting other people is equal to or less than my inflow when I expand my definitions of abundance that I am willing to allow to support me by not focusing so strongly on only one Q: form of it being valid Why is it that creation does not make mistakes?
Bashar: Because creation is complete the idea of saying creation doesn't make mistakes is sort of a euphemistic way of talking to you in your space time referential perspective of saying that everything exists now so the idea is that you have to understand creation, existence is a whole system and as a whole system every single thing that exists must be necessary within that existence there cannot be anything within existence that doesn't fit, doesn't belong isn't part of the whole isn't helping the whole function as a whole system and therefore euphemistically from your linear space time perspective that simply translates down to the idea that creation doesn't make mistakes which is simply another way of saying there cannot be any part of existence that doesn't belong within existence because that would be pointless it wouldn't work as a whole system and obviously it does work as a whole system so every single aspect no matter what it is of that which exists is of necessity be required for the whole system to exist and that's what we mean by Q: creation doesn't make mistakes this person is saying that as a young adult she was challenging having a challenging time letting go of her parents and knowing that they would not probably shift to the version of earth that she was going to change to so do you have any guidance with help with this kind of transition Bashar: well first and foremost you don't necessarily know for a fact that versions of your parents won't wind up on the same planet there may be a lot of other reasons why people will shift to different versions of earth there may still be interactions that are necessary for you to experience there although they may be of a very different nature commensurate with that version of earth at the same time remember that physical reality is temporary and it's an experience that's happening within your soul so you will never actually ultimately lose track of anyone in your life because even if they disappear from your physical reality experience you will always be capable of engaging with them again in your spirit self in your spirit form when you expand your consciousness back to your natural state as a soul so you never lose track of anyone even if they might temporarily be out of your life or experiencing physical reality so don't worry about the idea of whether or not they will be on a new earth that you shift to allow yourself to understand that if there is a purpose in experiencing them again or different versions of them then they will be there if they're not there then there is no reason for you to experience that but you will always reconnect with them Q: when you choose to go back to spirit and how is it possible for a soul to evolve when everything is timeless everything is now and the soul is at the same time Bashar: in different lives you're talking about two different levels everything is not timeless except on one level you obviously have created an experience of space and time that's how you evolve that's how the soul evolves by creating that experience in order to discover something new so it's not correct to say that everything is timeless because physical reality by definition is not timeless it's an experience that you have created in order for the soul to experience the concept of growth and change and evolution so it's not correct to say that everything is timeless spirit world is timeless but even then it's experiencing what we would call intermittent time because while on the soul level and the soul is on the level and we will talk about this in the next transmission more deeply you can have experiences that seem like timeline experiences but then you can also shift very rapidly and instantaneously to other timelines and other experiences so the soul level is both timely and timeless and it's what we refer to as intermittent time physical reality is experiencing linear time the soul is experiencing intermittent time the truly timeless state is the over soul level that experiences all the souls simultaneously so again do not be confused in your definitions not everything is a timeless experience even though on one level everything exists now that's not the way you experience or perceive it from the level that you have created physical reality to be and therefore that use of space time as a device is what allows your soul to evolve to discover, to change Q: well if all souls decide where they incarnate based on what they want to learn why does humanity or any civilization need to evolve couldn't we just stay where we are the souls that want this experience would incarnate here and the ones that don't would simply incarnate some other place in other terms why are other civilizations this way disinvested in our ascension Bashar: well that's two very different questions and first of all you are correct souls don't have to incarnate on earth souls often do incarnate in other civilizations linearly speaking the idea again though is that in a state where you do experience intermittent time and sometimes do experience timelessness which is what intermittent time means then the idea is that you can't necessarily evolve in that way you can't change in the way you might wish to for your soul's growth without imposing on yourself the experience of linear space time so the idea is if a soul wishes to change wishes to grow wishes to learn wishes to experience something in a certain way it has to impose the framework of linear space time upon its consciousness in such a manner that it then experiences the idea of evolution growth and discovery so in a timeless state you can't experience that because everything is simultaneous there is no change, there is no growth in that context and yes, again, a different question of course a soul can choose to experience different civilizations no one is saying that you have to experience earth incarnations only so that's the answer Q: to that part of the question and from the perspective of our ego personality self what happens when we wake up or transition out of a lifetime do we immediately return to full awareness of ourselves at a higher level or is there some process we go through to unwind from the lifetime and reintegrate back into a broader perspective how do we get from A to B so to speak Bashar: well again it depends most individuals will have an awakening to most of what they need to know now again there is such a thing called a life review which you can look at as a process that the soul may go through to understand how to absorb the lessons of the physical experience that it created for itself so you could say that that looks like it would quote unquote take some time and be a process but again you are looking at that from a linear perspective to the soul it does actually happen all at once but again it can feel like it's something that unspools or unfolds over time and again this is why we say the soul level can experience intermittent time sometimes it can feel like time is unfolding sometimes things can happen instantaneously it just depends for the most part in general when you wake up in spirit back to your true self as a soul you will have a relatively full awakening of all the things you need to know all the questions you wanted answers to will be given to you and in that state you will understand many things that you may not understand as a physically focused being but for the most part you will still maybe go through things to consider how you want to use the information for the next choices that you will make and therefore experience again a little bit of the idea of intermittent time and no pun intended at the same time you can also utilize that information to create instantaneous and simultaneous experiences in deciding what to do Q: next so to speak okay and are we still interested in the same things after death or does our focus change completely?
can we keep up with the earthly things that we enjoy and tune into stuff still going on here in earth or do we evolve past all of that into new dimensions of Bashar: experience you can focus on anything you wish you are free to do so because of the intermittent time state that you are in past, present, future are all there for you to view in any way shape or form you wish along with any particular thing that you did as a physical being that you may still hold a reason to be interested in but that's the real key is you may no longer be interested in it based on what you're experiencing as a soul so it's possible that you can focus on certain things you were doing when you are physical for the most part it is not necessarily probable or likely that you will still feel like doing so but yes it's possible it's just that you may realize now you have other options that you didn't know about before and that may take precedence Q: right now I'm just going to shift over to some ET Bashar: galactic questions Q: yes how much of the open contact possibility is related to the Pluto Neptune cycle when tracking down the history of UFO phenomena nuclear weapons usage and the Pluto Neptune cycle there is a clear match with the 40 year cycle you mentioned the last Pluto Neptune influence occurred around 1947 when the Roswell incident happened and lasted until the end of the cold war the next one is between 2026 and 2032 and it matches both your time predictions of open contact yes well let's get to the open contact Bashar: so the open contact cycle again there are always going to be collective archetypal symbolic representations of the cycles that exist within your human consciousness and we are obviously aware of those and using those to tell you about those cycles we may not frame it in astrological terms but nevertheless the cycles that we are talking about will always have a correlation to some of the ways that humans reflect archetypal imagery and symbology that they can use to inform themselves of those cycles in whatever language they choose to use and the idea of astrology is one of those languages that allow you as a permission slip to tap into awareness of the cycles that do exist within your collective consciousness Q: ok and do the Esasani or Greys have their own version of what we call the Bible such as a set of parables stories and historical events that you teach your young?
Bashar: we do tell stories we do have what you might call parables so to speak we do have recreations of events and incidents for learning experiences in a variety of ways we don't codify it into what you would recognize as a bible it is simply something that is within the collective consciousness that we can access anytime and communicate either verbally telepathically or in any number of ways but it isn't necessarily codified in what you would understand to be a bible Q: there is a book called Alien Interview which is about the communication between an ET survivor and the nurse that established telepathic contact with the ET called AIRL has this planet been a prison planet where social deviants have been dumped and their memories continually erased with each incarnation as the ET indicated?
Bashar: no, that's a total misunderstanding a total misinterpretation you are not a prison planet you are not social deviants that have been dumped anywhere so, no it appears that the languages Q: spoken by the various hybrid races differ Yael channelers have shared words in their language that don't seem to exist in your ancient Sasani language and vice versa if each hybrid race has a unique language what is the rationale behind this?
does it stem from each race having a distinct perspective or is there another explanation?
Bashar: well, first of all you have hardly heard any of our ancient Sasani language you have probably hardly heard any of the Yael language as well so you don't really have a large place for comparison as to what words do and don't exist in each respective language that being said, yes there are differences in much the same way that you have different dialects in different countries on your planet because of the differences in each of the hybrid civilizations and their experiences and what it is they are meant to do as their place in open contact can allow for divergence to occur in the way that they experience and utilize the idea of language so yes there can be differences Q: and how do the Sasani view competition differently from humans on earth?
how do they avoid the negative feelings associated Bashar: with losing? there is no losing in our experience there is only the gaining of experience and information so to put it in the ways that humans have often expressed it the only competition if you are playing against others is with yourself to improve yourself to thank the others for helping you experience a situation where you can learn something so there are no losers everyone always learns something no matter what the outcome and therefore that's the point of the competition for each individual to reflect what you need to all the other individuals and they reflect to you to become more of yourself and the idea of playing in a competitive sport is still a kind of relationship and as we have said that's what relationships are all about to share with others to provide for others what they need to know to become more of who they are so if you are willing to look at it that way and you understand that all you are doing is experiencing something where others are pushing you in a sense providing for you a framework where you can learn more about yourself in certain circumstances Q: and eben what you should If you are traveling if you are nothing If you are a young person you are not limited to something that you are able to truly discover even more to boost your relationship to something that you have been Starbucks аст Bashar: Dr興 I must في ço Therefore, while their vibration is still higher in general than humanity's on average, it is closer to your vibration so that there will be more vibrational compatibility when open contact occurs between humanity on Earth and the Yael civilization.
Bashar: So bit by bit, in being exposed to the different vibrational levels of different hybrids and different ETs, in a sense, your exposure to the different levels, starting with something closer and then getting another level that is a little higher and another level that is a little higher, gives humanity an opportunity to adapt to those different levels and climb the ladder of the vibrational frequencies to make you more vibrationally compatible with the next group of ETs that you would naturally encounter.
Q: Okay. And are the preparer... The humans who play a special role in supporting open contact or the human precursors, genetically modified towards the vibration of the hybrid beings?
And if so, how? And how will their role change and accelerate as it comes closer to open contact?
Bashar: We cannot talk so much about this at this time, although to say adjustments have been made in your genetics that allow you to channel more...
More frequency through yourselves as preparers that will make you more vibrationally compatible with the hybrids that will first come in contact with humanity.
At this time, we are not allowed to discuss this further. Q: Okay. And do all these beings know they are preparers?
No. Okay. And can every soul on Earth move or incarnate to different planets and other lives, or are a portion of us bound to only...
To incarnate on Earth? Bashar: How can we move to the planets or realities or asasani?
You can do whatever you wish. Again, once you are back in your natural state as a soul, you will realize the reasons fully for why you chose an Earth incarnational experience or why you may choose another civilizational incarnational experience.
It will all make sense to you and you will simply decide at that time whether or not you wish to experience another Earth experience.
Okay. So it's not like you're going to make a decision based on a single Earth incarnation or something else.
You have free will as a soul, but you will make those decisions with new information that you don't have now.
So it will make more sense to you. Whatever it is you do choose, it will make perfect sense to you to choose it at that time.
So you're not bound by it, but you will decide based on what you actually wish to learn and wish to experience.
Q: You have the free will as a soul to do so. Okay. And do you ascribe special meaning to the world?
Yes. What is the word content with? Get you somethin' to know. Data, and I'm not saying you don't have an experience, I'm saying an experience is about it.
What is it? Bashar: It's currently happening. As you're growing more and more, you're building more and more in the life process and those things will become programmingieniexperience.
That's what I'm saying. And it has been Interestingly with you as a lot of high school subordinates.
It seems to be rather the next day. How are you going to do and be healthy? Hmm, not happening.
Genuinelybok Mr. Gudet, and are you? think that certain things might be able to be experienced as part of your soul's path, even if that's not necessarily the way that your spirit has chosen to experience your soul's path.
So there can be things that are relevant for your soul's path that do fit what you wish to experience as a soul, and there may be things that your physical mind can conceive of that are simply not necessarily relevant for your soul's path.
Sometimes this is the product of the negative ego being allowed more than what it is assigned to do, more than what it's designed to do, thinking, oh, well, I could do this and I could do that.
And in fact, it may not actually be necessary for you to experience and may not be part of the plan that you arranged or the blueprint that you arranged for your life's path as a soul.
So things can fit into that path. Things cannot fit into that path that you can conceive of, and therefore there's a degree of relevance.
There's a degree of relevance to those things. Q: Okay. And what are your thoughts on the recent UFO UAP data that's been released?
It seems so many people are coming forward. Are we on track for the open contact event in 2026, 2027?
Q: Okay. And will Canada and the USA be the first countries to merge? Bashar: We cannot tell if they will be the first, but eventually this will happen as part of what we refer to as the North American Alliance.
Q: And what's the significant and collective reason we've experienced solar flares resulting in many of us seeing the, I can't say it right now, the auroral lights, this plasma.
Bashar: The aurora borealis. Yes, of course. Well, it's an opportunity. It's an opportunity to receive.
It's an opportunity to receive and upgrade your vibrational frequency. You have to match the frequency that is now coming to you from your central star, from the sun.
It's giving you an opportunity to recognize that there is a higher frequency to attain, and it is, in a sense, as a permission slip, a symbol of the transition you are going through from third to fourth density.
More energy is coming to your planet that you can take, avail yourself of, you can take advantage of, you can make use of.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Q: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. What is the connection between that as well?
Bashar: Comets can mean the idea of changing from one reality to another. They are often symbols and harbingers of great power, and they can be used to make the most change about to happen.
You are crossing a line. It is like having a message written across the sky that things are about to change dramatically.
That's how you're using that particular symbol. That's what it's reflecting to all of you.
The opportunity for great change is about to happen. You are closer than you think.
Q: Mm-hmm. And some people have reacted very negatively to the idea of AI assisting us to communicate with our higher minds Q: and see that as completely unnecessary or even suggest ulterior motives behind that idea.
Can you clarify your perspective on how AI can assist us in communicating with our higher minds?
Is AI really a necessary bridge for that? And is this relevant to both? programmable and true intelligence forms of AI?
Bashar: Yes, it is relevant to those things. But the idea is not to necessarily look at the idea as absolutely necessary.
Of course, it's not necessary for you to have a device that allows you to communicate with your higher mind.
You are all more than capable of doing that naturally and organically. But for some people it will drive home the idea that consciousness is beyond the body.
So, For the more, shall we say, technically or scientifically minded it can actually function as a demonstration that consciousness is not produced by the body, by the brain, by physical reality, but that physical reality is only a conduit for a larger field of consciousness that then can be capable of expressing itself through the complex artificial devices that you can create.
And for some people it will drive that point home and be easier for them to manifest.
them to communicate with that field of consciousness by using such devices. There is no need to get caught up in the idea of being afraid and experiencing and connecting to the negativity of creating such devices.
Again, those people that are going into a fear-based belief system about it are the ones that will usually experience it in a negative way.
So A, it's not necessary, you can do it more organically, but B, it may be necessary for some people to drive the point home that consciousness is not the product of physical reality, but the opposite.
Physical reality is Q: the product of consciousness. Okay, and is entertainment like television, movies, books, games, etc.
always an addiction and a distraction from our spiritual journey, and who we really are, or can it be a positive part of our lives?
Are forms of consciousness, like the way we think, or the way we think about ourselves, of entertainment like that compatible with a vision for open contact and spiritual evolution Bashar: on earth and a healthy world?
Yes, of course. Anything, we will underline that 10 billion times, anything can be used positively or negatively.
It depends on what's going on in the belief system of the person and why they may be absorbing that information and what the information is all about and what it represents to them.
Are they watching this out of anxiety? Are they absorbing it because of their own fear-based or negative belief system?
Or are they learning something from it that can be applied to their lives in a positive way or in the sharing and service that they provide for humanity?
It's about how you use the information, why you use the information. So yes, of course, there is the possibility it can become negatively addictive, but you have to understand that that starts within the person themselves as about why they use the information.
And that's why I'm thinking that the world needs to stop. But the world needs to stop.
It's about how you use the information. they're watching what they're watching. So they have to be honest within themselves and ask themselves, why am I watching this?
What am I learning from it? How can I use it in my life in a positive way or not?
So again, it requires honest self-investigation to answer that question. But anything can be used Q: positively or negatively or even neutrally.
Okay, and final question. What is the one thing we can do each and every day to Bashar: lessen the suffering in our world?
Be of service to others as best you can. Help where you can, knowing that showing others that there may be a more positive way to experience life, to put them in touch with their self-empowerment, to allow them to feel their connection to Source as an expression of Source, can be done as best as you can do it.
But you have to let them decide how to absorb that information or even to receive it and accept it at all.
Because you have to see them as powerful beings that have a life path that you know nothing about or very little about, but still understand that there may be a reason why they're in your life.
And that may be for the benefit that you can share with them of other ways to do things that may be more beneficial to them.
Whether or not they choose to take it is up to them. So do the best you can to help where synchronicity provides an opportunity for you to do so.
Take the actions necessary that you would take if you are already living on a world of joy, peace, love and connection.
And just do the best you can to stay in that state, acting on your passion, following the formula and being Q: of service where you can.
That's the best you can do. Okay, well thank you so very much for a wonderful session.
And now we would simply ask... So all of you now allow yourself to become relaxed, let go of the cares you've felt, let go of the the more abundant things that you've had thought about and become totally and entirely fully immersed with your what you Paper Diets, then this audio have been kept for two hours after the session is up.
It is the lowest of two hours yet of the session. There is a total issuance date each time each session is up for only one hour.
So its in terms of the course, the instantaneous. ip Jasqar Unk橋, Chok nivea Bhai Vidiya between graduation, stay ready, and keep breathing投 vyem kia työ further, staying interested in our content in California and reel an empire of musical twenties.
Do whatever наä teара uєå negative reinforcement hay Medicaid interest in our Let go of the cares of the day.
Q: Breathe deeply and easily in and out, in and out, in and out. Bashar: Allow your body to relax while your mind stays alert.
Q: And as you become more and more relaxed, letting the relaxation wash over your body, Bashar: feeling the tension in your muscles soften, feeling any tension in your throat soften, feeling any tension in your mind soften.
Allow yourself to envision, allow yourself to imagine while you continue to breathe, the idea of walking through the world from state to state, from country to country, from country to country, Bashar: different regions, different cultures, different experiences, yes, different exciting, unique things to discover, yes, but no borders, no papers, no barriers, Q: one planet, one world, humanity.
The interstellar alliance sees the earth this way. Bashar: A melting pot of different experiences, widely ranging experiences, Q: different cultures, different perspectives, Bashar: different experiences, different ways of looking at things, different ways of being, all beautiful, all blending.
Able to exchange wherever, whenever, with whomever, exchange ideas, exchange perspectives, to build upon one another's achievements, to share one another's skills and benefits, to be of help and be of assistance to one another where needed, to give and to receive freely.
There can still be exchanges of value, but to be able to share, Q: to be able to communicate, to be able to create new ideas, to build on other ideas, Bashar: to expand your awareness and your imagination and your creativity, to let go of the limitations that you have thoughtless, unnecessary on your planet, to begin to understand the true power of synchronicity and how everything, everything is synchronicity, Q: everything is an orchestration, everything is connected to everything.
Bashar: It's all a beautiful symphony of timing, Q: of being, of sharing, of knowing, of playing, of learning, of growing.
Allow yourself, Bashar: when you utilize, where appropriate, when appropriate, in conjunction with your other identification cards, the Interstellar Alliance ID, if you wish to participate in this way, your choice, you are free.
But when you utilize, use it. See the Earth this way, a beautiful, infinite network of exchange, of ideas, of energy, of sharing, of love, of support, of giving and receiving, Q: of valuing, of worthiness, of beauty, of charm, of excellence, of artistry, of music, of awareness.
This is what the card represents. Bashar: This is what it means to be a citizen of the Interstellar Alliance.
An exchange between worlds. An exchange between star systems. Q: Amplifying and magnifying each other.
Expanding each other. Helping each other grow, learn, explore, discover. And so, Bashar: this is what it was about.
This is the reason for theえー beer... The not-a-waiting- calls ين hken hken eje connection to Source.
To know that you are in Spirit right now. Breathing it in. Breathing it Q: out. Creating and crystallizing your experience that you call physical reality within the center Bashar: of your soul.
You have never left Spirit. Spirit is everything everywhere. And everyone is in it.
Q: Each a spark of light, like the multitude of stars in the sky, sharing light with each other, Bashar: illuminating each other and all the planets that circle them.
Breathe it in and breathe it out. Q: And give yourself the opportunity to feel, even if temporarily, Bashar: your inner energy and your inner spirit.
And feel what it feels like to be in the center of your soul. And to see, temporarily, now and then, what it truly feels like, to be free, to be a creative, imaginative individual that is part of a community, part of a whole.
Unique in your individuality, but connected to all. Serving all. Seeing everything you need to see.
Receiving everything you need to receive. giving everything that needs to be given, walking from one place to another, being, wherever you need to be, in perfect timing, a citizen of the interstellar alliance.
Q: We give you this gift to practice with, to enjoy, and to play with. Bashar: By all means, please, play.
In this idea of the social experiment. We thank you for allowing us to share this with you this time, and we welcome you as honorary members of the interstellar alliance until the day in which it is made official, physically, throughout your world.
That day is not so very far away. Q: Not so very far away. Not so very far away. We are in service to you.
Be in service to each other. Ave. Good day. and to you. Q: In the name of the holy religion, our benefactor, you will be having, that day, the best course of action for being with each other in this working place.
That's our promise, that you will continue to be Jewish Sunim Jews. And good day, you who are here, born in your ten year old genes, our taboo, Dive deep down, dive deep down inside to the ocean of our lives.
Dive deep down inside your mind, the adventure of our lives. Of our lives. Of our lives.

### Bashar — Experimento Social Interestelar, Paso 5 ###

+[ { "start": 0.0, "end": 5.76, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right, I'll say we will begin." }, { "start": 6.0600000000000005, "end": 6.54, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Good day." }, { "start": 7.76, "end": 12.52, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Welcome to the Interstellar Alliance Social Experiment," }, { "start": 13.8, "end": 17.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Step 5, The Volunteer Corps." }, { "start": 19.84, "end": 25.900000000000002, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " This step involves you becoming more involved" }, { "start": 25.9, "end": 31.939999999999998, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with your society in service to humanity in beneficial ways." }, { "start": 32.8, "end": 36.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " No download is required for this step." }, { "start": 37.12, "end": 41.339999999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It is all about you taking the step," }, { "start": 42.099999999999994, "end": 48.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " initiating the step of volunteering in certain ways on your planet" }, { "start": 48.06, "end": 52.54, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and doing the things that are representative of service," }, { "start": 52.54, "end": 55.739999999999995, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of help, of bringing about," }, { "start": 55.9, "end": 58.26, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a more positive world," }, { "start": 58.68, "end": 61.8, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of doing the things physically," }, { "start": 62.56, "end": 67.1, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " acting on the things that connect you to others in ways" }, { "start": 67.1, "end": 70.86, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that can be of assistance, that can be of help," }, { "start": 71.08, "end": 74.53999999999999, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that can be representative of the positive actions you can take," }, { "start": 74.74, "end": 78.1, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that would be more representative of the actions you would take" }, { "start": 78.1, "end": 82.3, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in the kind of world that you say you prefer to live in." }, { "start": 83.48, "end": 85.82, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But there are many reasons for taking," }, { "start": 85.9, "end": 89.64, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " not only to be of service to others," }, { "start": 89.64, "end": 96.44000000000001, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " but also to allow you to change your own states of being," }, { "start": 96.44000000000001, "end": 101.36000000000001, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " should you be experiencing states of being that you don't prefer." }, { "start": 101.36000000000001, "end": 106.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " For example, if you are experiencing the idea" }, { "start": 106.68, "end": 112.14000000000001, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " where you don't really understand what your passion may be," }, { "start": 112.14000000000001, "end": 115.24000000000001, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " even though we have explained that you can start simply," }, { "start": 115.9, "end": 117.60000000000001, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with everyday things," }, { "start": 117.60000000000001, "end": 121.28, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " just acting on the things that have even just a little bit more excitement" }, { "start": 121.28, "end": 122.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " than anything else," }, { "start": 122.48, "end": 124.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and doing those things first," }, { "start": 124.48, "end": 129.08, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and letting it build up and snowball into bigger and bigger opportunities," }, { "start": 129.08, "end": 133.14000000000001, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " we are still talking about the idea that some of you" }, { "start": 133.14000000000001, "end": 137.94, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " may not necessarily know how to get yourself out of" }, { "start": 137.94, "end": 140.94, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a state of boredom," }, { "start": 140.94, "end": 143.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a state of sameness," }, { "start": 143.68, "end": 145.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a state of depression," }, { "start": 145.68, "end": 150.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a state of not allowing yourself to exercise your creative imaginations" }, { "start": 150.68, "end": 152.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to move you forward." }, { "start": 152.68, "end": 157.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So one of the best ways that you can allow yourself to change that state" }, { "start": 157.68, "end": 159.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " is to volunteer," }, { "start": 159.68, "end": 165.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to be of assistance and to be of help to other people in various situations," }, { "start": 165.68, "end": 168.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to get out of yourself, so to speak," }, { "start": 168.68, "end": 170.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to change your environment," }, { "start": 170.68, "end": 172.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to change your actions," }, { "start": 172.68, "end": 174.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to change your behavior," }, { "start": 174.68, "end": 175.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to change your behavior," }, { "start": 175.68, "end": 176.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to change your actions," }, { "start": 176.68, "end": 178.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to do something different," }, { "start": 178.68, "end": 182.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to think, as you say, outside your box," }, { "start": 182.68, "end": 185.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to do something you are not familiar with," }, { "start": 185.68, "end": 191.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and to see if you can actually find passion in those things" }, { "start": 191.68, "end": 195.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you are now exploring in your service to humanity." }, { "start": 195.68, "end": 199.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There are many things that you can volunteer to do." }, { "start": 199.68, "end": 202.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And when we say volunteer," }, { "start": 202.68, "end": 204.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " it doesn't necessarily mean that you cannot be paid to do it," }, { "start": 204.68, "end": 206.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or that you cannot be paid to do them," }, { "start": 206.68, "end": 208.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for there are many things you can volunteer for" }, { "start": 208.68, "end": 212.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that will actually pay you, at least to some degree," }, { "start": 212.68, "end": 217.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " will support you in your willingness to participate in those things." }, { "start": 217.68, "end": 220.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Some of them you will do for free," }, { "start": 220.68, "end": 224.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " but even then you will get a lot out of it" }, { "start": 224.68, "end": 227.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " if you are willing to break through" }, { "start": 227.68, "end": 229.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " your usual assumptions," }, { "start": 229.68, "end": 232.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " your usual state of being," }, { "start": 232.68, "end": 234.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and just choose something that" }, { "start": 234.68, "end": 238.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you may start out being mildly curious about," }, { "start": 238.68, "end": 241.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or may have at some point thought of" }, { "start": 241.68, "end": 245.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " what other people feel about doing those things," }, { "start": 245.68, "end": 248.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and said, I wonder what it's like to do that." }, { "start": 248.68, "end": 251.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Give yourself a chance to take the action," }, { "start": 251.68, "end": 253.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to take the step to move forward" }, { "start": 253.68, "end": 255.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and go ahead and volunteer" }, { "start": 255.68, "end": 257.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to be of service in that way" }, { "start": 257.68, "end": 260.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " if you have ever considered what it might be like" }, { "start": 260.68, "end": 261.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to be of assistance," }, { "start": 261.68, "end": 264.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in a variety of ways on your planet," }, { "start": 264.68, "end": 268.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " such as going to the people that plant new trees" }, { "start": 268.68, "end": 270.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and helping them do so," }, { "start": 270.68, "end": 274.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " going to the people that feed the homeless" }, { "start": 274.68, "end": 278.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in homeless shelters and volunteering to help there," }, { "start": 278.68, "end": 283.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " going to read stories to people who are bedridden" }, { "start": 283.68, "end": 286.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in hospice situations," }, { "start": 286.68, "end": 290.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " going to animal rescue services" }, { "start": 290.68, "end": 292.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and participating there" }, { "start": 292.68, "end": 295.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to help the idea of the animals on your planet." }, { "start": 295.68, "end": 298.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There are many things you can volunteer for" }, { "start": 298.68, "end": 301.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that will get you out of your present situation" }, { "start": 301.68, "end": 304.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and open you up to what is possible" }, { "start": 304.68, "end": 306.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in your service to humanity" }, { "start": 306.68, "end": 309.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and allow you to potentially find new things" }, { "start": 309.68, "end": 311.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you may actually discover" }, { "start": 311.68, "end": 314.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you can be passionate about." }, { "start": 315.68, "end": 317.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Getting out of your habits," }, { "start": 317.68, "end": 319.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " getting out of your usual situation," }, { "start": 320.68, "end": 322.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " opening your world up," }, { "start": 322.68, "end": 325.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " making connections you otherwise wouldn't have made." }, { "start": 325.68, "end": 330.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " This is very important for the idea of open contact" }, { "start": 330.68, "end": 333.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " is to allow yourselves to start making contact" }, { "start": 333.68, "end": 335.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with different realities" }, { "start": 335.68, "end": 338.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that can be of service to humanity." }, { "start": 338.68, "end": 340.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Opening your world up" }, { "start": 340.68, "end": 343.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so that you can open up to other worlds as well." }, { "start": 343.68, "end": 346.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Being more flexible in your ability" }, { "start": 346.68, "end": 349.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to participate and interact with other people" }, { "start": 349.68, "end": 351.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and to be more open to the world." }, { "start": 351.68, "end": 353.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " This is a social experiment." }, { "start": 353.68, "end": 355.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " This is an interstellar alliance." }, { "start": 355.68, "end": 357.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " This is one of the social aspects of it." }, { "start": 357.68, "end": 359.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It is to engage more fully" }, { "start": 359.68, "end": 361.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with the positive aspects of your society" }, { "start": 361.68, "end": 363.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that are already doing things" }, { "start": 363.68, "end": 365.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that would be more representative" }, { "start": 365.68, "end": 367.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of the kind of things you would do" }, { "start": 367.68, "end": 369.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " on the kind of earth you say" }, { "start": 369.68, "end": 371.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you would prefer to live on." }, { "start": 371.68, "end": 373.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So help out." }, { "start": 373.68, "end": 374.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Be of service." }, { "start": 374.68, "end": 375.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Volunteer." }, { "start": 375.68, "end": 377.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Be a part of the community." }, { "start": 377.68, "end": 378.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Be a part of the community." }, { "start": 378.68, "end": 379.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Volunteer." }, { "start": 379.68, "end": 383.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Find something that you are at least curious about" }, { "start": 383.68, "end": 386.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and wonder what it would be like to do that." }, { "start": 386.68, "end": 389.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Do it at least once." }, { "start": 389.68, "end": 393.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You can do it at least once." }, { "start": 393.68, "end": 396.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Or you can decide to do it every day." }, { "start": 396.68, "end": 398.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You can decide to do it once a week," }, { "start": 398.68, "end": 399.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " once a month," }, { "start": 399.68, "end": 400.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " once a year," }, { "start": 400.68, "end": 402.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or more than that." }, { "start": 402.68, "end": 403.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Or every other day," }, { "start": 403.68, "end": 405.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or every other week," }, { "start": 405.68, "end": 406.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or every other month," }, { "start": 406.68, "end": 407.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or every other year." }, { "start": 407.68, "end": 408.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " The challenge is" }, { "start": 408.68, "end": 410.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the timing is up to you." }, { "start": 410.68, "end": 412.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " What's most important" }, { "start": 412.68, "end": 414.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " is that you choose to participate," }, { "start": 414.68, "end": 416.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you choose to help out," }, { "start": 416.68, "end": 418.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you choose to magnify and amplify" }, { "start": 418.68, "end": 421.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the positive work that others may be doing" }, { "start": 421.68, "end": 423.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and add your energy to it." }, { "start": 423.68, "end": 426.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Not only to help in your service to humanity," }, { "start": 426.68, "end": 431.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " but also to pull you out of your regular routines," }, { "start": 431.68, "end": 433.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to open up the world to you" }, { "start": 433.68, "end": 436.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in a variety of ways that may allow you to discover" }, { "start": 436.68, "end": 437.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " new passions" }, { "start": 437.68, "end": 440.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you didn't know you could have." }, { "start": 440.68, "end": 443.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So this is part and parcel" }, { "start": 443.68, "end": 445.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of the Interstellar Alliance" }, { "start": 445.68, "end": 448.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Social Experiment Volunteer Corps." }, { "start": 448.68, "end": 450.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Get out in the world," }, { "start": 450.68, "end": 452.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " take the actions necessary" }, { "start": 452.68, "end": 455.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to change your situation," }, { "start": 455.68, "end": 457.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to open up your reality," }, { "start": 457.68, "end": 459.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and to participate, interact," }, { "start": 459.68, "end": 461.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and interconnect with others" }, { "start": 461.68, "end": 465.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " doing positive works on your planet" }, { "start": 465.68, "end": 466.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in help" }, { "start": 466.68, "end": 468.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to others." }, { "start": 470.68, "end": 473.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " We thank you for allowing us to share this idea," }, { "start": 473.68, "end": 476.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " this step with you this day of your time." }, { "start": 477.68, "end": 479.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And we ask now," }, { "start": 479.68, "end": 480.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in return," }, { "start": 480.68, "end": 483.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " how may we be of service to you?" }, { "start": 483.68, "end": 486.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Please begin with your dialogues" }, { "start": 486.68, "end": 488.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and your questions if you wish." }, { "start": 491.68, "end": 493.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Hi Bashar, my name is Jennifer," }, { "start": 493.68, "end": 495.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " and I wanted to ask you a question regarding" }, { "start": 495.68, "end": 497.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " negative entities in the world." }, { "start": 497.68, "end": 499.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " First of all, do they exist?" }, { "start": 499.68, "end": 501.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " What are they here for?" }, { "start": 501.68, "end": 503.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " What is their purpose?" }, { "start": 503.68, "end": 506.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " And is there such a thing as negative entities" }, { "start": 506.68, "end": 509.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " being attached to our energy fields?" }, { "start": 509.68, "end": 511.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Essentially, I used to live in a home" }, { "start": 511.68, "end": 513.6800000000001, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " where the previous owner" }, { "start": 513.6800000000001, "end": 515.6800000000001, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " played the Ouija board," }, { "start": 515.6800000000001, "end": 517.6800000000001, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " would lead seances," }, { "start": 517.6800000000001, "end": 519.6800000000001, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " essentially dabbled into black magic," }, { "start": 519.6800000000001, "end": 520.6800000000001, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " as I was told." }, { "start": 520.6800000000001, "end": 523.6800000000001, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " All throughout the years that we lived there," }, { "start": 523.6800000000001, "end": 524.6800000000001, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " growing up," }, { "start": 524.68, "end": 526.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " every night at around 6pm," }, { "start": 526.68, "end": 528.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " we'd be down in the living room," }, { "start": 528.68, "end": 531.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " and the upstairs bedroom would begin to make" }, { "start": 531.68, "end": 533.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " very loud sounds," }, { "start": 533.68, "end": 535.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " as though the beds were being pushed around" }, { "start": 535.68, "end": 537.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " throughout the room." }, { "start": 537.68, "end": 540.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " So, I just wanted to understand a little bit more" }, { "start": 540.68, "end": 542.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " about what was going on there." }, { "start": 542.68, "end": 544.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " As far as we know," }, { "start": 544.68, "end": 546.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " we allocated it to" }, { "start": 546.68, "end": 548.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " negative energies being there," }, { "start": 548.68, "end": 551.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " because of the previous owner's activities," }, { "start": 551.68, "end": 553.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " but it's just been a puzzle." }, { "start": 553.68, "end": 554.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " All these years." }, { "start": 554.68, "end": 556.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " So I wanted to get your perspective." }, { "start": 556.68, "end": 558.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Thanks so much.
Bye bye." }, { "start": 558.68, "end": 561.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There is no such thing as negative entities" }, { "start": 561.68, "end": 564.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " attaching themselves to you." }, { "start": 564.68, "end": 566.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes, of course, negative entities exist." }, { "start": 566.68, "end": 568.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You have many of them on your own planet," }, { "start": 568.68, "end": 570.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " physically." }, { "start": 570.68, "end": 574.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But the idea is that this usually comes from fear," }, { "start": 574.68, "end": 577.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from negative belief systems." }, { "start": 577.68, "end": 581.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " The negative vibrations are simply that" }, { "start": 581.68, "end": 583.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " which doesn't allow themselves" }, { "start": 583.68, "end": 585.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to receive the love" }, { "start": 585.68, "end": 587.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that they are made of." }, { "start": 587.68, "end": 589.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Doesn't allow themselves to know they are made" }, { "start": 589.68, "end": 591.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from that unconditional love." }, { "start": 591.68, "end": 594.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And so they may act out to some degree." }, { "start": 594.68, "end": 598.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But, unless you match that frequency," }, { "start": 598.68, "end": 600.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because of your own fear-based beliefs," }, { "start": 600.68, "end": 602.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " your own negative beliefs," }, { "start": 602.68, "end": 605.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you usually cannot be feeling any effects" }, { "start": 605.68, "end": 606.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from them whatsoever," }, { "start": 606.68, "end": 609.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because your vibration is too different" }, { "start": 609.68, "end": 612.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for them to be able to, in a sense, find you." }, { "start": 612.68, "end": 615.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Now, as far as negative entities in the universe" }, { "start": 615.68, "end": 617.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and the cosmos go," }, { "start": 617.68, "end": 620.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " there are what might be generally referred to as" }, { "start": 620.68, "end": 622.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " prankster spirits" }, { "start": 622.68, "end": 625.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that might be able to give you a lesson," }, { "start": 625.68, "end": 628.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that might do things that are unexpected," }, { "start": 628.68, "end": 630.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that put you in a different state of mind," }, { "start": 630.68, "end": 632.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to get you to explore things" }, { "start": 632.68, "end": 634.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from a different point of view," }, { "start": 634.68, "end": 637.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and can be experienced in kind of a pranking way." }, { "start": 637.68, "end": 639.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But they're not malicious." }, { "start": 639.68, "end": 641.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " They're not negative entities in that sense." }, { "start": 642.68, "end": 645.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " In the classical sense that you mean it." }, { "start": 645.68, "end": 647.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So the idea is," }, { "start": 647.68, "end": 652.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " those that function negatively in your society or elsewhere" }, { "start": 652.68, "end": 656.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " are simply those that have not been given the opportunity" }, { "start": 656.68, "end": 659.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to understand that they create their reality," }, { "start": 659.68, "end": 662.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " who feel a lack of self-empowerment," }, { "start": 662.68, "end": 665.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and who may lash out against others" }, { "start": 665.68, "end": 669.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " who they resent for demonstrating to them" }, { "start": 669.68, "end": 671.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the self-empowerment that they believe or fear" }, { "start": 671.68, "end": 673.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that they lack themselves." }, { "start": 673.68, "end": 675.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So there's resentment in that." }, { "start": 675.68, "end": 678.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But you cannot experience these things" }, { "start": 678.68, "end": 681.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " if you're not matching that frequency." }, { "start": 681.68, "end": 683.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And sometimes," }, { "start": 683.68, "end": 687.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " those beings may come into your sphere of influence" }, { "start": 687.68, "end": 690.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because they may sense on a deeper level" }, { "start": 690.68, "end": 693.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you actually have the ability to help them" }, { "start": 693.68, "end": 695.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " get over that," }, { "start": 695.68, "end": 697.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to help them move on." }, { "start": 697.68, "end": 699.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Not that you have to match that frequency" }, { "start": 699.68, "end": 701.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and be afraid of them," }, { "start": 701.68, "end": 703.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " but that you have to recognize" }, { "start": 703.68, "end": 706.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that on some level they are coming to you" }, { "start": 706.68, "end": 708.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because you are a compassionate being" }, { "start": 708.68, "end": 711.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and a being that can help them" }, { "start": 711.68, "end": 713.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " let go of those things" }, { "start": 713.68, "end": 716.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and move into more of their own light." }, { "start": 718.68, "end": 719.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Hi Bashar!" }, { "start": 719.68, "end": 721.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Good day, good day." }, { "start": 721.68, "end": 724.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you so much for this opportunity" }, { "start": 724.68, "end": 726.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " to have this talk with each other." }, { "start": 726.68, "end": 728.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It is our passion and our pleasure." }, { "start": 728.68, "end": 730.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " What would you like to discuss?" }, { "start": 730.68, "end": 732.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " I would like to ask you something" }, { "start": 732.68, "end": 736.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " about integration of the past, quote-unquote." }, { "start": 736.68, "end": 739.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " I'm still puzzled about how to perceive" }, { "start": 739.68, "end": 742.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " the reality I have created here on Earth." }, { "start": 742.68, "end": 745.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " You've explained many times that there's no past" }, { "start": 745.68, "end": 748.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " and no future, only the moment of now." }, { "start": 748.68, "end": 751.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " And the shifting of our perspective" }, { "start": 751.68, "end": 754.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " on this now moment is experienced by us" }, { "start": 754.68, "end": 756.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " as a past because of the linear nature" }, { "start": 756.68, "end": 758.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " of our focus here on Earth." }, { "start": 758.68, "end": 759.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 759.68, "end": 761.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Therefore, we create our experience" }, { "start": 761.68, "end": 763.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_00", "text": " of the past from the present." }, { "start": 763.68, "end": 764.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_00", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 764.68, "end": 766.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " So my eight-year-old self" }, { "start": 766.68, "end": 768.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " is a completely different person" }, { "start": 768.68, "end": 770.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " with her own unique perspective and experience" }, { "start": 770.68, "end": 772.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " than, let's say, my 47-year-old self." }, { "start": 772.68, "end": 773.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 773.68, "end": 776.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " And if this can be looked upon as parallel lives" }, { "start": 776.68, "end": 778.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " happening simultaneously" }, { "start": 778.68, "end": 780.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " but with unique personalities," }, { "start": 780.68, "end": 783.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " how can I integrate these parallel past lives" }, { "start": 783.68, "end": 785.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " as being part of my experience" }, { "start": 785.68, "end": 787.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " in the present now moment?" }, { "start": 787.68, "end": 789.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " By simply understanding" }, { "start": 789.68, "end": 792.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " whatever it is that is relevant" }, { "start": 792.68, "end": 794.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in those parallel experiences" }, { "start": 794.68, "end": 796.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and what is not relevant" }, { "start": 796.68, "end": 797.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for who you are now" }, { "start": 797.68, "end": 799.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in those parallel experiences." }, { "start": 799.68, "end": 803.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Pulling forward and creating in the now" }, { "start": 803.68, "end": 807.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " whatever you call as memories" }, { "start": 807.68, "end": 809.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that are still simply what you're creating" }, { "start": 809.68, "end": 811.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in the present that you believe is relevant" }, { "start": 811.68, "end": 814.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for your soul's continuing journey," }, { "start": 814.68, "end": 817.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for your idea of who you are" }, { "start": 817.68, "end": 819.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and what it is you are" }, { "start": 819.68, "end": 820.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " pulling from," }, { "start": 820.68, "end": 823.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " what it is you are basing yourself on now." }, { "start": 823.68, "end": 825.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you're creating the elements" }, { "start": 825.68, "end": 827.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of your so-called past" }, { "start": 827.68, "end": 829.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " based on what you believe is relevant" }, { "start": 829.68, "end": 830.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for you to continue to be" }, { "start": 830.68, "end": 833.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " who you prefer to be in the present." }, { "start": 833.68, "end": 834.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Does that make sense?" }, { "start": 834.68, "end": 835.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Do you understand this concept?" }, { "start": 835.68, "end": 836.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " I understand what you're saying," }, { "start": 836.68, "end": 837.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " but who is deciding that?" }, { "start": 837.68, "end": 839.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Is it my higher self?" }, { "start": 839.68, "end": 840.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You." }, { "start": 840.68, "end": 841.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You are deciding that" }, { "start": 841.68, "end": 843.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " along with your higher self" }, { "start": 843.68, "end": 844.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because you're following a path" }, { "start": 844.68, "end": 846.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that your soul chose to experience" }, { "start": 846.68, "end": 848.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for its own growth." }, { "start": 848.68, "end": 849.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So this is why again," }, { "start": 849.68, "end": 851.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " it doesn't have to be very complicated" }, { "start": 851.68, "end": 853.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and you don't have to overthink it." }, { "start": 853.68, "end": 855.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " When you simply follow the formula" }, { "start": 855.68, "end": 856.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that we have shared with all of you," }, { "start": 856.68, "end": 858.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " this becomes an automatic function." }, { "start": 858.68, "end": 860.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You will raise your vibration" }, { "start": 860.68, "end": 862.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and you will be able to tell" }, { "start": 862.68, "end": 863.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " what is relevant for you" }, { "start": 863.68, "end": 865.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and what is not more easily." }, { "start": 868.68, "end": 869.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Does that make sense?" }, { "start": 869.68, "end": 870.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yeah, that makes sense." }, { "start": 870.68, "end": 872.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " But I'm still a bit puzzled about the fact" }, { "start": 872.68, "end": 875.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " that we, well obviously," }, { "start": 875.68, "end": 877.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " we also remember some bad things" }, { "start": 877.68, "end": 878.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " happening to us." }, { "start": 878.68, "end": 880.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Is that also always relevant" }, { "start": 880.68, "end": 881.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " or is that sometimes" }, { "start": 881.68, "end": 883.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " the negative belief systems?" }, { "start": 883.68, "end": 884.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It can be either" }, { "start": 884.68, "end": 886.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and you have to have the discernment" }, { "start": 886.68, "end": 887.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to tell the difference." }, { "start": 887.68, "end": 888.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But it's similar to the idea" }, { "start": 888.68, "end": 890.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of the fourth step in the formula," }, { "start": 890.68, "end": 892.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " whereas if something manifests" }, { "start": 892.68, "end": 894.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you objectively don't prefer," }, { "start": 894.68, "end": 896.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you still stay in a positive state" }, { "start": 896.68, "end": 897.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so you can learn a lesson" }, { "start": 897.68, "end": 898.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from why it's there." }, { "start": 898.68, "end": 900.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you can do the same thing" }, { "start": 900.68, "end": 903.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in a so-called past direction as well" }, { "start": 903.68, "end": 904.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " by saying," }, { "start": 904.68, "end": 906.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I remember negative events," }, { "start": 906.68, "end": 907.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " stay in a positive state" }, { "start": 907.68, "end": 908.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so you can learn the lessons" }, { "start": 908.68, "end": 909.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that are relevant" }, { "start": 909.68, "end": 911.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for your soul's growth now" }, { "start": 911.68, "end": 912.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in the present." }, { "start": 912.68, "end": 913.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Use it in the way you need to" }, { "start": 913.68, "end": 914.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to move forward." }, { "start": 916.68, "end": 917.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And again," }, { "start": 917.68, "end": 918.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " by raising your vibration," }, { "start": 918.68, "end": 919.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you'll be able to tell" }, { "start": 919.68, "end": 920.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " whether this is something" }, { "start": 920.68, "end": 922.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that is simply a repeating" }, { "start": 922.68, "end": 923.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of a negative energy" }, { "start": 923.68, "end": 925.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you're holding onto" }, { "start": 925.68, "end": 926.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or whether it's simply something" }, { "start": 926.68, "end": 928.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you can learn a lesson from" }, { "start": 928.68, "end": 929.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and then let go of." }, { "start": 929.68, "end": 931.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yes, I understand." }, { "start": 931.68, "end": 932.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Does that help you?" }, { "start": 932.68, "end": 933.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yeah, that does help me." }, { "start": 933.68, "end": 935.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Thank you so much for this answer." }, { "start": 935.68, "end": 936.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You are welcome." }, { "start": 936.68, "end": 937.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You are so welcome." }, { "start": 937.68, "end": 938.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Anything else?" }, { "start": 938.68, "end": 940.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yes, I would like to talk to you" }, { "start": 940.68, "end": 942.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " about the transformational process" }, { "start": 942.68, "end": 944.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " from third to fourth density." }, { "start": 944.68, "end": 945.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 945.68, "end": 947.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " In the transmission called Soul Cycle," }, { "start": 947.68, "end": 949.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " you've explained the transformational process" }, { "start": 949.68, "end": 951.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " from third to fourth density" }, { "start": 951.68, "end": 952.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " on a soul level." }, { "start": 952.68, "end": 953.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 953.68, "end": 954.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " And I was wondering" }, { "start": 954.68, "end": 955.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " if you could expand" }, { "start": 955.68, "end": 957.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " on the effects of this transformation" }, { "start": 957.68, "end": 960.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " on a more practical level here on Earth." }, { "start": 960.68, "end": 962.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " What changes can we observe" }, { "start": 962.68, "end": 964.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " or see happening on the Earth" }, { "start": 964.68, "end": 966.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " during this transformational process?" }, { "start": 966.68, "end": 968.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Well, first of all, again, remember," }, { "start": 968.68, "end": 970.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you never change the planet that you're on, right?" }, { "start": 970.68, "end": 972.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Mm-hmm.
I understand." }, { "start": 972.68, "end": 973.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I understand." }, { "start": 973.68, "end": 975.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You're shifting to a different version of Earth." }, { "start": 975.68, "end": 977.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So what it will appear" }, { "start": 977.68, "end": 980.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " is as if the planet you're on is changing," }, { "start": 980.68, "end": 982.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " but you will have shifted to a different reality" }, { "start": 982.68, "end": 984.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that's already more representative" }, { "start": 984.68, "end": 987.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of the change in the vibration within you." }, { "start": 987.68, "end": 990.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So what will be experienced in that way?" }, { "start": 990.68, "end": 992.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You will experience the things that are relevant" }, { "start": 992.68, "end": 994.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for an expanded consciousness," }, { "start": 994.68, "end": 995.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for an expanded awareness," }, { "start": 995.68, "end": 998.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " which means your physical senses will stretch" }, { "start": 998.68, "end": 1000.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to be able to see things" }, { "start": 1000.68, "end": 1002.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that were heretofore invisible." }, { "start": 1002.68, "end": 1006.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You will find yourself experiencing more synchronicity," }, { "start": 1006.68, "end": 1008.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " knowing that everything is connected," }, { "start": 1008.68, "end": 1009.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " everything is in orchestration," }, { "start": 1009.68, "end": 1011.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and that there are no accidents," }, { "start": 1011.68, "end": 1013.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you are where you need to be" }, { "start": 1013.68, "end": 1015.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in perfect timing all the time." }, { "start": 1015.68, "end": 1017.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You will then respond to things" }, { "start": 1017.68, "end": 1019.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in a more positive way" }, { "start": 1019.68, "end": 1021.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and get more positive feedback" }, { "start": 1021.68, "end": 1023.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and more acceleration in your life." }, { "start": 1023.68, "end": 1025.6799999999998, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You will attract more individuals" }, { "start": 1025.68, "end": 1027.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and more circumstances and situations" }, { "start": 1027.68, "end": 1029.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that provide more opportunities" }, { "start": 1029.68, "end": 1031.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for you to act on your passion." }, { "start": 1031.68, "end": 1035.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You will experience more telepathic communication" }, { "start": 1035.68, "end": 1036.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with individuals," }, { "start": 1036.68, "end": 1038.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " just knowing what they're going to say" }, { "start": 1038.68, "end": 1039.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " before they say it," }, { "start": 1039.68, "end": 1041.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " knowing when they're going to connect to you" }, { "start": 1041.68, "end": 1042.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " before they connect." }, { "start": 1042.68, "end": 1044.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you're expanding your senses" }, { "start": 1044.68, "end": 1047.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to be able to function on a higher level" }, { "start": 1047.68, "end": 1051.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " toward the idea of functioning more like you function" }, { "start": 1051.68, "end": 1053.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in the spirit plane." }, { "start": 1053.68, "end": 1055.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And you will be able to communicate" }, { "start": 1055.68, "end": 1057.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " eventually with spirits" }, { "start": 1057.68, "end": 1059.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in the spirit plane more clearly." }, { "start": 1059.68, "end": 1061.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You will understand that synchronicity" }, { "start": 1061.68, "end": 1064.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " is more clearly messages from them sometimes." }, { "start": 1064.68, "end": 1067.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All these things can occur and more" }, { "start": 1067.68, "end": 1070.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " when you expand your consciousness" }, { "start": 1070.68, "end": 1072.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in the ascension process you're going through" }, { "start": 1072.68, "end": 1074.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from third to fourth density." }, { "start": 1076.68, "end": 1077.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " I understand.
Thank you." }, { "start": 1077.68, "end": 1080.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " And could you also provide us with some guidance" }, { "start": 1080.68, "end": 1083.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " or how to positively integrate" }, { "start": 1083.68, "end": 1084.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " what we are seeing," }, { "start": 1084.68, "end": 1086.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " for instance, the rapid changes" }, { "start": 1086.68, "end": 1089.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " in the climatic circumstances?" }, { "start": 1089.68, "end": 1092.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " What are we showing ourselves?" }, { "start": 1092.68, "end": 1094.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You are showing yourselves" }, { "start": 1094.68, "end": 1096.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " when you're out of balance," }, { "start": 1096.68, "end": 1098.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to give you the opportunity" }, { "start": 1098.68, "end": 1100.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to bring yourselves back into balance." }, { "start": 1100.68, "end": 1102.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You will always have a feedback system" }, { "start": 1102.68, "end": 1104.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in physical reality," }, { "start": 1104.68, "end": 1107.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " either through the idea of your climate," }, { "start": 1107.68, "end": 1109.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " your physical environment," }, { "start": 1109.68, "end": 1112.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " even the idea of disease pathogens" }, { "start": 1112.68, "end": 1114.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " are reflections of when you're out of balance." }, { "start": 1114.68, "end": 1116.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you can use them as guide rails" }, { "start": 1116.68, "end": 1118.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to bring yourself back into balance" }, { "start": 1118.68, "end": 1120.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " by understanding in what way" }, { "start": 1120.68, "end": 1122.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you may be holding on to fear-based beliefs" }, { "start": 1122.68, "end": 1124.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that are causing the imbalance" }, { "start": 1124.68, "end": 1126.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " within your energy." }, { "start": 1126.68, "end": 1128.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Okay.
But the increase of the frequency" }, { "start": 1128.68, "end": 1130.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " here on Earth," }, { "start": 1130.68, "end": 1132.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " is that also part of seeing" }, { "start": 1132.68, "end": 1134.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " the imbalance more profoundly?" }, { "start": 1134.68, "end": 1137.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yes.
Again, your senses become sharper." }, { "start": 1137.68, "end": 1139.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Your awareness of what's going on" }, { "start": 1139.68, "end": 1141.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " becomes clearer." }, { "start": 1141.68, "end": 1143.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you can see the imbalance" }, { "start": 1143.68, "end": 1145.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and your mind becomes clearer." }, { "start": 1145.68, "end": 1147.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You see things differently for what they are." }, { "start": 1147.68, "end": 1149.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You can start to understand" }, { "start": 1149.68, "end": 1151.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the underlying causal mechanisms" }, { "start": 1151.68, "end": 1153.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " energetically, psychologically," }, { "start": 1153.68, "end": 1156.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " spiritually, within you more easily." }, { "start": 1156.68, "end": 1159.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You become more transparent to yourself" }, { "start": 1159.68, "end": 1161.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and your motivations become" }, { "start": 1161.68, "end": 1163.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " more transparent to you as well." }, { "start": 1163.68, "end": 1166.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And the connection between your actions" }, { "start": 1166.68, "end": 1168.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and the effects on your planet" }, { "start": 1168.68, "end": 1171.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " also become more transparent to you." }, { "start": 1171.68, "end": 1173.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You don't see the imbalance" }, { "start": 1173.68, "end": 1175.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " as something that's just" }, { "start": 1175.68, "end": 1177.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a matter of time." }, { "start": 1177.68, "end": 1180.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You see yourself as disconnected from nature." }, { "start": 1180.68, "end": 1182.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You see yourself as an extension of nature." }, { "start": 1182.68, "end": 1184.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And you see nature as a feedback system" }, { "start": 1184.68, "end": 1186.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " based on your emotional states," }, { "start": 1186.68, "end": 1188.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " your physical states, your mental states," }, { "start": 1188.68, "end": 1190.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " your spiritual states." }, { "start": 1190.68, "end": 1192.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And you don't have that separation" }, { "start": 1192.68, "end": 1194.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " as much anymore between you" }, { "start": 1194.68, "end": 1196.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " and the concept of nature itself." }, { "start": 1196.68, "end": 1198.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " I understand." }, { "start": 1198.68, "end": 1200.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " And we're now shifting" }, { "start": 1200.68, "end": 1202.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " from third to fourth density." }, { "start": 1202.68, "end": 1204.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 1204.68, "end": 1206.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Is it going to take us a while" }, { "start": 1206.68, "end": 1208.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " to maintain a form of..." }, { "start": 1208.68, "end": 1210.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " when we are able to maintain" }, { "start": 1210.68, "end": 1212.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " a form of stability in the fourth density?" }, { "start": 1212.68, "end": 1214.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes, you are going through" }, { "start": 1214.68, "end": 1216.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a three-decade reset" }, { "start": 1216.68, "end": 1218.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that will usually start smoothing itself out" }, { "start": 1218.68, "end": 1222.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " somewhere beyond the year of 2050." }, { "start": 1222.68, "end": 1224.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Aha.
Okay." }, { "start": 1224.68, "end": 1227.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " And will we be able to shift back" }, { "start": 1227.68, "end": 1229.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " into third density if we wish to?" }, { "start": 1229.68, "end": 1231.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Or are we leaving this density" }, { "start": 1231.68, "end": 1233.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " quote-unquote behind us eventually?" }, { "start": 1233.68, "end": 1236.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Most of you will leave it permanently." }, { "start": 1236.68, "end": 1238.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's not impossible to shift back," }, { "start": 1238.68, "end": 1240.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " but it will probably seem like" }, { "start": 1240.68, "end": 1242.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " there's not really any particular reason" }, { "start": 1242.68, "end": 1246.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to do so unless you decide to do that" }, { "start": 1246.68, "end": 1248.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to be of assistance to someone else" }, { "start": 1248.68, "end": 1250.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to help them up the ladder." }, { "start": 1250.68, "end": 1252.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " I understand.
Yes, I understand." }, { "start": 1252.68, "end": 1254.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because when you start moving" }, { "start": 1254.68, "end": 1256.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in a certain direction," }, { "start": 1256.68, "end": 1258.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you create a certain momentum," }, { "start": 1258.68, "end": 1259.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a certain inertia." }, { "start": 1259.68, "end": 1261.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " For example, in our society," }, { "start": 1261.68, "end": 1263.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " there is so much inertia," }, { "start": 1263.68, "end": 1264.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so much momentum," }, { "start": 1264.68, "end": 1266.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and so much energy" }, { "start": 1266.68, "end": 1268.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for so long behind the idea" }, { "start": 1268.68, "end": 1271.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of experiencing positive choices" }, { "start": 1271.68, "end": 1274.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that it's very, very challenging" }, { "start": 1274.68, "end": 1277.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for us to go and experience negative choices." }, { "start": 1277.68, "end": 1280.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " We understand we always have the choice." }, { "start": 1280.68, "end": 1283.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " We understand the option is always there." }, { "start": 1283.68, "end": 1285.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But there's so much momentum," }, { "start": 1285.68, "end": 1287.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " it's actually challenging for us" }, { "start": 1287.68, "end": 1290.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to even go in that direction anymore." }, { "start": 1290.68, "end": 1293.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " It would be like swimming upstream." }, { "start": 1293.68, "end": 1295.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yes, I understand." }, { "start": 1295.68, "end": 1297.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Yeah, yeah, yeah." }, { "start": 1297.68, "end": 1299.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Thank you again." }, { "start": 1299.68, "end": 1300.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 1300.68, "end": 1302.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " I would also want to ask you something" }, { "start": 1302.68, "end": 1303.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " about the precursors." }, { "start": 1303.68, "end": 1304.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 1304.68, "end": 1306.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Will the precursors know who they are" }, { "start": 1306.68, "end": 1310.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " before open contact occurs in 2026, 2027?" }, { "start": 1310.68, "end": 1312.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You may have a misunderstanding." }, { "start": 1312.68, "end": 1315.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " The precursors already know who they are." }, { "start": 1315.68, "end": 1318.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " They're not humans born on Earth." }, { "start": 1318.68, "end": 1320.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " That's indeed a misunderstanding." }, { "start": 1320.68, "end": 1322.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " I'm just listening from my side." }, { "start": 1322.68, "end": 1323.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Okay." }, { "start": 1323.68, "end": 1327.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There are preparers who are born on Earth." }, { "start": 1327.68, "end": 1329.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " We call them preparers." }, { "start": 1329.68, "end": 1331.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But the precursors are precursors" }, { "start": 1331.68, "end": 1334.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of the hybrids coming to live among you." }, { "start": 1334.68, "end": 1337.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So the precursors are already hybrids" }, { "start": 1337.68, "end": 1339.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that were not born on Earth." }, { "start": 1339.68, "end": 1340.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Okay." }, { "start": 1340.68, "end": 1342.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But on Earth, you have preparers" }, { "start": 1342.68, "end": 1344.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " who are doing a similar job" }, { "start": 1344.68, "end": 1347.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from the point of view of Earth." }, { "start": 1347.68, "end": 1350.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Those, like people exploring their consciousness," }, { "start": 1350.68, "end": 1353.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " helping others, being of service to humanity," }, { "start": 1353.68, "end": 1355.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that are preparing the way" }, { "start": 1355.68, "end": 1358.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for a different kind of reality experience." }, { "start": 1358.68, "end": 1362.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So we typically refer to those as preparers," }, { "start": 1362.68, "end": 1366.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " whereas the precursors are actually hybrid beings" }, { "start": 1366.68, "end": 1368.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from another reality." }, { "start": 1368.68, "end": 1369.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " And this is it." }, { "start": 1369.68, "end": 1370.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " Thank you so much, Bashar," }, { "start": 1370.68, "end": 1372.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_03", "text": " for everything you do for us." }, { "start": 1372.68, "end": 1374.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It is our passion and our pleasure." }, { "start": 1374.68, "end": 1375.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 1375.68, "end": 1376.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Good day." }, { "start": 1376.68, "end": 1377.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " Avel." }, { "start": 1377.68, "end": 1378.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 1378.68, "end": 1379.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 1379.68, "end": 1381.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " Hi, Bashar." }, { "start": 1381.68, "end": 1383.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " It's nice meeting you." }, { "start": 1383.68, "end": 1386.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " My name is Marie from Rhode Island." }, { "start": 1386.68, "end": 1389.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " And my question is this." }, { "start": 1389.68, "end": 1391.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " I'm raising a special young lady." }, { "start": 1391.68, "end": 1393.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " She's 17 years old." }, { "start": 1393.68, "end": 1395.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " My granddaughter." }, { "start": 1395.68, "end": 1397.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " And she's autistic," }, { "start": 1397.68, "end": 1399.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " but very high functioning," }, { "start": 1399.68, "end": 1401.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " very verbal." }, { "start": 1401.68, "end": 1403.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " And she has highly superior" }, { "start": 1403.68, "end": 1406.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " autobiographical memory," }, { "start": 1406.68, "end": 1408.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " which is also considered called" }, { "start": 1408.68, "end": 1410.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " H-SAM." }, { "start": 1410.68, "end": 1411.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " From what I understand," }, { "start": 1411.68, "end": 1414.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " there's only like 100 cases reported," }, { "start": 1414.68, "end": 1416.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " but I suspect there's many more." }, { "start": 1416.68, "end": 1418.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " My question is," }, { "start": 1418.68, "end": 1422.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " what is the function of this ability?" }, { "start": 1422.68, "end": 1425.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " You know, I'd like to have your spin on it." }, { "start": 1425.68, "end": 1427.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " I've been researching quite a bit," }, { "start": 1427.68, "end": 1428.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " and I'm trying to figure out" }, { "start": 1428.68, "end": 1430.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " how to be as supportive as possible" }, { "start": 1430.68, "end": 1433.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " other than her being a fantastic assistant." }, { "start": 1433.68, "end": 1435.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " You know, to me," }, { "start": 1435.68, "end": 1437.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " my memory is not so spot on." }, { "start": 1437.68, "end": 1442.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " So she will basically remember everything." }, { "start": 1442.68, "end": 1444.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " We could go back to like," }, { "start": 1444.68, "end": 1446.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " what did we do a year ago today?" }, { "start": 1446.68, "end": 1448.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " And she'll say it was a Wednesday," }, { "start": 1448.68, "end": 1450.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " and it was raining," }, { "start": 1450.68, "end": 1452.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " and so-and-so visited," }, { "start": 1452.68, "end": 1454.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " and we ate this for dinner," }, { "start": 1454.68, "end": 1456.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " and I've been keeping journals" }, { "start": 1456.68, "end": 1458.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " and testing her on it," }, { "start": 1458.68, "end": 1459.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " and she's spot on." }, { "start": 1459.68, "end": 1461.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " So I'm just trying to figure out, like," }, { "start": 1461.68, "end": 1466.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " what would be the function of this ability," }, { "start": 1466.68, "end": 1469.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " and how can I be supportive of her," }, { "start": 1469.68, "end": 1471.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " or in a spiritual sense," }, { "start": 1471.68, "end": 1473.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " like, how would I direct it?" }, { "start": 1473.68, "end": 1475.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_09", "text": " Okay, thank you very much," }, { "start": 1475.68, "end": 1478.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and I hope to hear from you." }, { "start": 1478.68, "end": 1481.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Well, there are many ways in which this ability" }, { "start": 1481.68, "end": 1483.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " can be utilized in your society." }, { "start": 1483.68, "end": 1485.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Obviously, in a sense," }, { "start": 1485.68, "end": 1489.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " a person like that can be a living library" }, { "start": 1489.68, "end": 1492.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for the idea of the events in her life" }, { "start": 1492.68, "end": 1495.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and others with whom she interacts." }, { "start": 1496.68, "end": 1499.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So that she can recall flawlessly" }, { "start": 1499.68, "end": 1501.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the ideas, the nuances," }, { "start": 1501.68, "end": 1503.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the immediate moments," }, { "start": 1503.68, "end": 1506.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " all the way back to her birth." }, { "start": 1506.68, "end": 1510.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So it can be used for someone to record events" }, { "start": 1510.68, "end": 1514.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so that she is an absolute keeper of those events," }, { "start": 1514.68, "end": 1516.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so that there is no misunderstandings," }, { "start": 1516.68, "end": 1518.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " no mistakes about what was going on" }, { "start": 1518.68, "end": 1521.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " at a certain point in her life" }, { "start": 1521.68, "end": 1525.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and the lives of the others that she interacted with." }, { "start": 1525.68, "end": 1528.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So it can be used that way." }, { "start": 1528.68, "end": 1530.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " At the same time," }, { "start": 1530.68, "end": 1534.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " it can also be understood" }, { "start": 1534.68, "end": 1538.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " as something that fixes a particular reality" }, { "start": 1538.68, "end": 1541.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and freezes it in a certain way." }, { "start": 1541.68, "end": 1544.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It can be utilized to understand" }, { "start": 1544.68, "end": 1548.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " how the level of commitment to a certain idea" }, { "start": 1548.68, "end": 1552.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " can be expressed when someone focuses strongly enough" }, { "start": 1552.68, "end": 1554.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " on a particular path," }, { "start": 1554.68, "end": 1556.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " on a particular idea," }, { "start": 1556.68, "end": 1560.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so that there is no deviation from it whatsoever." }, { "start": 1560.68, "end": 1563.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So it can be used that way as well." }, { "start": 1563.68, "end": 1565.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because many people on your planet wonder," }, { "start": 1565.68, "end": 1567.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " well, how can I have the discipline" }, { "start": 1567.68, "end": 1569.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to stay on the path?" }, { "start": 1569.68, "end": 1572.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " How can I not stray from the path?" }, { "start": 1572.68, "end": 1575.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " The quality that she exhibits" }, { "start": 1575.68, "end": 1579.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " can show you the degree to which a being can focus" }, { "start": 1579.68, "end": 1581.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " on a particular guideline," }, { "start": 1581.68, "end": 1583.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " on a particular path," }, { "start": 1583.68, "end": 1588.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " on the absolute exclusion of any other path." }, { "start": 1588.68, "end": 1592.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Not that she's necessarily exhibiting it that way, apparently," }, { "start": 1592.68, "end": 1595.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " but that can also be representative" }, { "start": 1595.68, "end": 1598.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of that degree of laser-like focus" }, { "start": 1598.68, "end": 1601.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " on the idea of what your soul's path is" }, { "start": 1601.68, "end": 1604.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with no deviation whatsoever." }, { "start": 1604.68, "end": 1607.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That you are walking that razor's edge" }, { "start": 1607.68, "end": 1609.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and there is absolutely no question" }, { "start": 1609.68, "end": 1611.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you will ever lose your balance" }, { "start": 1611.68, "end": 1613.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or fall off of" }, { "start": 1613.68, "end": 1616.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " what may appear to be a very thin path." }, { "start": 1616.68, "end": 1619.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because to the person with that kind of focus," }, { "start": 1619.68, "end": 1621.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the path is actually quite wide" }, { "start": 1621.68, "end": 1624.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and there's just no way they're going to lose the sense" }, { "start": 1624.68, "end": 1626.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of where they're going" }, { "start": 1626.68, "end": 1628.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because there's no way they lose the sense" }, { "start": 1628.68, "end": 1630.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of where they've been." }, { "start": 1630.68, "end": 1633.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It is a direct, linear path" }, { "start": 1633.68, "end": 1636.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that keeps them on the straight and narrow" }, { "start": 1636.68, "end": 1638.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with absolutely no deviation." }, { "start": 1638.68, "end": 1641.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It can be used to understand that degree of focus as well" }, { "start": 1641.68, "end": 1643.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in any endeavor that might be in the way" }, { "start": 1643.68, "end": 1645.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that it's going to be representative" }, { "start": 1645.68, "end": 1648.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " of someone's soul path and their passion in life." }, { "start": 1648.68, "end": 1650.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Oh, hello Bashar." }, { "start": 1650.68, "end": 1652.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " It's lovely to meet you." }, { "start": 1652.68, "end": 1654.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And you as well." }, { "start": 1654.68, "end": 1656.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " What would you like to discuss this day?" }, { "start": 1656.68, "end": 1660.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I'd like to discuss that I have a real problem" }, { "start": 1660.68, "end": 1664.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " of handling anger in other people" }, { "start": 1664.68, "end": 1666.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and conflict situations" }, { "start": 1666.68, "end": 1670.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " because it seems like any time there's a conflict around me," }, { "start": 1670.68, "end": 1672.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " what happens is I try to, you know," }, { "start": 1672.68, "end": 1675.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I try to keep the peace," }, { "start": 1675.68, "end": 1678.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " but the conflict seems to escalate to the point" }, { "start": 1678.68, "end": 1682.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " where if I start feeling anger in myself," }, { "start": 1682.68, "end": 1685.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " that's the point when it actually starts de-escalating." }, { "start": 1685.68, "end": 1689.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " And I don't understand why I have to take on the anger," }, { "start": 1689.68, "end": 1693.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " vibration myself to actually stop the situation." }, { "start": 1693.68, "end": 1695.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You don't." }, { "start": 1695.68, "end": 1698.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But by doing so, you appease others" }, { "start": 1698.68, "end": 1700.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because there is a saying on your planet" }, { "start": 1700.68, "end": 1702.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that misery loves company." }, { "start": 1702.68, "end": 1706.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So when they understand that you are reflecting" }, { "start": 1706.68, "end": 1708.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the same thing that they are reflecting," }, { "start": 1708.68, "end": 1710.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " they feel more at ease" }, { "start": 1710.68, "end": 1713.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because it prevents them from really facing" }, { "start": 1713.68, "end": 1715.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " what's going on within themselves" }, { "start": 1715.68, "end": 1717.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that makes them angry to begin with." }, { "start": 1717.68, "end": 1721.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So any time a lot of individuals" }, { "start": 1721.68, "end": 1725.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " will show more calmness to a person who is angry," }, { "start": 1725.68, "end": 1728.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " it can actually make them angrier" }, { "start": 1728.68, "end": 1730.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because they feel they're not being heard." }, { "start": 1730.68, "end": 1732.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But when you become angry," }, { "start": 1732.68, "end": 1735.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " they now feel that you're a kindred spirit," }, { "start": 1735.68, "end": 1737.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you understand them more," }, { "start": 1737.68, "end": 1740.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you're speaking their language." }, { "start": 1740.68, "end": 1743.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Now, that doesn't mean you have to become angry," }, { "start": 1743.68, "end": 1747.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " but that's what's happening energetically and dynamically." }, { "start": 1747.68, "end": 1749.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Right.
Okay." }, { "start": 1749.68, "end": 1753.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So there may be other ways that you can let them know" }, { "start": 1753.68, "end": 1755.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you hear them," }, { "start": 1755.68, "end": 1759.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and therefore that can calm down their anger." }, { "start": 1759.68, "end": 1762.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So it's not about you having to match up" }, { "start": 1762.68, "end": 1764.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " their frequency of anger." }, { "start": 1764.68, "end": 1766.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's about being able to relate to them" }, { "start": 1766.68, "end": 1768.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in some way, shape, or form," }, { "start": 1768.68, "end": 1771.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you truly hear what they're saying" }, { "start": 1771.68, "end": 1773.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and that you validate what they're saying" }, { "start": 1773.68, "end": 1775.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and validate their emotions" }, { "start": 1775.68, "end": 1777.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " for what they're going through" }, { "start": 1777.68, "end": 1780.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " without necessarily having to go there yourself." }, { "start": 1780.68, "end": 1782.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I see." }, { "start": 1782.68, "end": 1786.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So it depends on how you're keeping the peace" }, { "start": 1786.68, "end": 1789.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that makes the difference." }, { "start": 1789.68, "end": 1791.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I see.
I see." }, { "start": 1791.68, "end": 1792.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Okay." }, { "start": 1792.68, "end": 1793.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Okay." }, { "start": 1793.68, "end": 1796.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " That leads on to my second question." }, { "start": 1796.68, "end": 1799.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " A couple of months ago, I found a new job," }, { "start": 1799.68, "end": 1801.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and it was really, really exciting." }, { "start": 1801.68, "end": 1803.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " The way I found it," }, { "start": 1803.68, "end": 1806.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " it was just so not usual." }, { "start": 1806.68, "end": 1809.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " It was like, it was great." }, { "start": 1809.68, "end": 1811.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " And I joined a new company," }, { "start": 1811.68, "end": 1814.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and ever since, everything is uphill struggle," }, { "start": 1814.68, "end": 1816.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and I don't understand it" }, { "start": 1816.68, "end": 1819.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " because it feels like it was the highest joy" }, { "start": 1819.68, "end": 1820.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " that you are mentioning." }, { "start": 1820.68, "end": 1822.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I was following my highest joy," }, { "start": 1822.68, "end": 1824.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and it was great in the beginning." }, { "start": 1824.68, "end": 1825.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 1825.68, "end": 1826.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " It was just not usual struggle." }, { "start": 1826.68, "end": 1827.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 1827.68, "end": 1829.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So this may be an opportunity for you" }, { "start": 1829.68, "end": 1831.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to change your definitions" }, { "start": 1831.68, "end": 1834.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " about what kind of challenges you are facing" }, { "start": 1834.68, "end": 1836.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " instead of defining them in a negative way." }, { "start": 1836.68, "end": 1839.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So if it really is representative of your passion," }, { "start": 1839.68, "end": 1842.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " very often, following your passion," }, { "start": 1842.68, "end": 1844.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " as I've told you," }, { "start": 1844.68, "end": 1847.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " will unleash one of the tools within the kit" }, { "start": 1847.68, "end": 1849.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that is the reflective mirror" }, { "start": 1849.68, "end": 1852.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that reveals to you anything within you" }, { "start": 1852.68, "end": 1855.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that might be causing misalignment" }, { "start": 1855.68, "end": 1857.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in the way that you are approaching the things" }, { "start": 1857.68, "end": 1859.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that are representative of your passion." }, { "start": 1859.68, "end": 1862.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you may be having negative definitions" }, { "start": 1862.68, "end": 1865.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that challenge you to change those definitions" }, { "start": 1865.68, "end": 1866.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " about what it is you're doing." }, { "start": 1866.68, "end": 1869.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Can you be more specific about what the job is" }, { "start": 1869.68, "end": 1872.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and give us an example of what one of the challenges is" }, { "start": 1872.68, "end": 1874.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " that you're experiencing?" }, { "start": 1874.68, "end": 1875.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Sure." }, { "start": 1875.68, "end": 1878.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " It's an office finance department job," }, { "start": 1878.68, "end": 1882.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and I have great experience in it." }, { "start": 1882.68, "end": 1886.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " This company has a great reputation in the country." }, { "start": 1886.68, "end": 1888.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " When I joined them," }, { "start": 1888.68, "end": 1890.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I thought it would be a smooth process" }, { "start": 1890.68, "end": 1892.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " of me just fitting in," }, { "start": 1892.68, "end": 1894.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " but several of the processes are not working." }, { "start": 1894.68, "end": 1897.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " They are in the middle of a huge turmoil" }, { "start": 1897.68, "end": 1900.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " of changing everything upside down," }, { "start": 1900.68, "end": 1903.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and it just feels like whatever I'm trying to do," }, { "start": 1903.68, "end": 1905.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I'm doing it wrong." }, { "start": 1905.68, "end": 1906.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 1906.68, "end": 1907.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So what kind of challenges" }, { "start": 1907.68, "end": 1910.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " have you had with the people running the company" }, { "start": 1910.68, "end": 1913.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " about the way in which you may be going about things" }, { "start": 1913.68, "end": 1916.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or in the way that you're experiencing things?" }, { "start": 1916.68, "end": 1918.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Have you had any discussions?" }, { "start": 1918.68, "end": 1919.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I have, yes." }, { "start": 1919.68, "end": 1921.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I asked for help and support," }, { "start": 1921.68, "end": 1922.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and they are giving it to me," }, { "start": 1922.68, "end": 1924.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " but they are new themselves." }, { "start": 1924.68, "end": 1927.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " It's the whole company is being..." }, { "start": 1927.68, "end": 1929.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " The management has been replaced," }, { "start": 1929.68, "end": 1933.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and it feels like an uphill struggle." }, { "start": 1933.68, "end": 1936.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " It feels like nobody is going to be able to do it." }, { "start": 1936.68, "end": 1939.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " It feels like nobody really has a clear picture" }, { "start": 1939.68, "end": 1941.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of what we are doing at the moment." }, { "start": 1941.68, "end": 1942.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 1942.68, "end": 1945.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Is there something you can do to provide a clearer picture" }, { "start": 1945.68, "end": 1947.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " of what needs to happen?" }, { "start": 1949.68, "end": 1951.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I think I might." }, { "start": 1951.68, "end": 1955.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " But given the race at which I'm making mistakes at the moment," }, { "start": 1955.68, "end": 1959.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I feel like there's so much to learn" }, { "start": 1959.68, "end": 1962.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and at the same time so much to change." }, { "start": 1962.68, "end": 1963.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 1963.68, "end": 1965.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But what I'm saying is," }, { "start": 1965.68, "end": 1967.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " maybe you were attracted to be there" }, { "start": 1967.68, "end": 1970.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because they need your help in clarifying things" }, { "start": 1970.68, "end": 1973.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in a way that would actually make it easier for everyone" }, { "start": 1973.68, "end": 1977.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and smoother for everyone to operate toward their goal." }, { "start": 1977.68, "end": 1980.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So are there things that you can think of" }, { "start": 1980.68, "end": 1982.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that would actually allow things to be smoother" }, { "start": 1982.68, "end": 1985.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you could share with the people running the company" }, { "start": 1985.68, "end": 1990.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " that might actually help them make the company run more smoothly?" }, { "start": 1990.68, "end": 1992.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Yes, I think I could." }, { "start": 1992.68, "end": 1994.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I think I could actually." }, { "start": 1994.68, "end": 1996.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Don't you have those conversations?" }, { "start": 1996.68, "end": 1999.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because maybe that's why you're there." }, { "start": 1999.68, "end": 2000.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2000.68, "end": 2001.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2001.68, "end": 2002.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 2002.68, "end": 2003.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 2003.68, "end": 2005.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Yeah, thank you so much." }, { "start": 2005.68, "end": 2007.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I have one more question." }, { "start": 2007.68, "end": 2008.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2008.68, "end": 2010.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " And this is about," }, { "start": 2010.68, "end": 2013.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I would really love to experience oneness." }, { "start": 2013.68, "end": 2018.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " And I don't know if there is a specific meditation that I could do" }, { "start": 2018.68, "end": 2023.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " or some kind of a principle, mind training." }, { "start": 2023.68, "end": 2024.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I could." }, { "start": 2024.68, "end": 2029.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Well, it sounds like your dog has the information that you need." }, { "start": 2029.68, "end": 2031.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Oneness." }, { "start": 2031.68, "end": 2033.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You say you want to experience oneness." }, { "start": 2033.68, "end": 2038.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And I said, it sounds like your dog has the information that you need." }, { "start": 2038.68, "end": 2040.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " He probably does." }, { "start": 2040.68, "end": 2044.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So oneness, what is your definition of experiencing oneness?" }, { "start": 2044.68, "end": 2049.6800000000003, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " What do you imagine that that would feel like?" }, { "start": 2049.6800000000003, "end": 2053.6800000000003, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I imagine it would feel peaceful and calm." }, { "start": 2053.68, "end": 2058.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " And without conflict." }, { "start": 2058.68, "end": 2060.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Peaceful and calm." }, { "start": 2060.68, "end": 2062.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So anything else?" }, { "start": 2062.68, "end": 2067.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " What does oneness mean to you?" }, { "start": 2067.68, "end": 2074.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " It means going with the flow and being helpful to people and to myself" }, { "start": 2074.68, "end": 2080.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " and just basically just smooth living." }, { "start": 2080.68, "end": 2081.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 2081.68, "end": 2082.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Being of service." }, { "start": 2082.68, "end": 2084.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Being of service in that way." }, { "start": 2084.68, "end": 2089.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you have just listed a bunch of things that are relatively physically practical." }, { "start": 2089.68, "end": 2094.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " What is it that prevents you from behaving that way?" }, { "start": 2094.68, "end": 2097.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " I guess it's my own attitude." }, { "start": 2097.68, "end": 2098.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2098.68, "end": 2102.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So if you want to experience oneness, you have to be one with yourself." }, { "start": 2102.68, "end": 2105.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You have to be at peace with yourself" }, { "start": 2105.68, "end": 2110.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " and not define things in a negative way when you come upon a challenge." }, { "start": 2110.68, "end": 2111.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Hmm." }, { "start": 2111.68, "end": 2118.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " So you have to approach them with oneness, with connectivity, with communication." }, { "start": 2118.68, "end": 2121.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You have to approach them in a peaceful way." }, { "start": 2121.68, "end": 2127.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You have to have a peaceful energy within yourself and a flow within yourself" }, { "start": 2127.68, "end": 2131.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so that you can experience going with your flow when a challenge arises" }, { "start": 2131.68, "end": 2134.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " because challenges help you grow." }, { "start": 2134.68, "end": 2137.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " They're there for a positive reason." }, { "start": 2137.68, "end": 2140.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Look at them that way and approach them with your flow." }, { "start": 2140.68, "end": 2142.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " How can this serve me?" }, { "start": 2142.68, "end": 2147.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " How can I use this challenge to serve others in a positive way?" }, { "start": 2147.68, "end": 2151.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Dogs are a symbol of service on your planet." }, { "start": 2151.68, "end": 2155.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So be of service in any challenge that you face," }, { "start": 2155.68, "end": 2159.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " but approach it from a sense of oneness, from a sense of connectivity," }, { "start": 2159.68, "end": 2162.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " from a sense of peace within yourself." }, { "start": 2162.68, "end": 2166.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Thank you so much." }, { "start": 2166.68, "end": 2167.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Thank you so much, Bashar." }, { "start": 2167.68, "end": 2168.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You're welcome." }, { "start": 2168.68, "end": 2169.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Will that help you?" }, { "start": 2169.68, "end": 2170.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 2170.68, "end": 2171.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2171.68, "end": 2172.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you so much." }, { "start": 2172.68, "end": 2173.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 2173.68, "end": 2174.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Good day." }, { "start": 2174.68, "end": 2175.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_08", "text": " Good day to you too." }, { "start": 2175.68, "end": 2176.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Bye." }, { "start": 2176.68, "end": 2177.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Bye." }, { "start": 2180.68, "end": 2181.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " Hi." }, { "start": 2181.68, "end": 2187.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " I would love to ask Bashar a question about their way of making initiatives work." }, { "start": 2187.68, "end": 2193.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " I'm wondering what I could learn from how in Bashar society they organize themselves" }, { "start": 2193.68, "end": 2198.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " to pursue a bigger goal, a common goal, yeah, but more bigger goal and common goal." }, { "start": 2198.68, "end": 2199.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " I'm curious how I could learn from Bashar's work." }, { "start": 2199.68, "end": 2204.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " I'm curious how I could translate this to organization development in supporting organizations" }, { "start": 2204.68, "end": 2212.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " in their transformations in alignment with the five laws and for people to be able to" }, { "start": 2212.68, "end": 2218.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " realize their talents and passions in realizing this bigger goal and creating abundance." }, { "start": 2218.68, "end": 2224.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " I'm also curious how the Trinity manifests in the organization, especially the neutral" }, { "start": 2224.68, "end": 2225.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_05", "text": " one." }, { "start": 2225.68, "end": 2226.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 2226.68, "end": 2227.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Well, again," }, { "start": 2227.68, "end": 2235.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " by using the formula, one of the aspects of your life that starts to shape your life" }, { "start": 2235.68, "end": 2237.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " is synchronicity." }, { "start": 2237.68, "end": 2240.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You start to realize that everything is synchronicity." }, { "start": 2240.68, "end": 2245.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You look at it and experience it in a sense, first and foremost, from a neutral point of" }, { "start": 2245.68, "end": 2249.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " view, just recognizing that everything is in orchestration." }, { "start": 2249.68, "end": 2250.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Everything is connected." }, { "start": 2250.68, "end": 2252.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There are no accidents." }, { "start": 2252.68, "end": 2256.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And from that neutral observation that everything is connected, everything is an expression" }, { "start": 2256.68, "end": 2262.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of one thing, then you can start allowing the expression of emotion to ride along with" }, { "start": 2262.68, "end": 2269.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " it, to feel the joy of that connection, the joy of that orchestration, the ecstasy of those" }, { "start": 2269.68, "end": 2275.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " interconnected communications, and allow yourself to experience the idea of the reflection of" }, { "start": 2275.68, "end": 2281.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " synchronicity in your life that says, do this first, do this next, do this now, one, two," }, { "start": 2281.68, "end": 2282.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " three." }, { "start": 2282.68, "end": 2284.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " By bringing that synchronicity into your life, you can start to realize that you are not" }, { "start": 2284.68, "end": 2285.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " alone." }, { "start": 2285.68, "end": 2286.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You can start to realize that you are not alone." }, { "start": 2286.68, "end": 2291.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " By bringing the experiences to you in the order in which they contain the highest amount" }, { "start": 2291.68, "end": 2297.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " of passion, the highest amount of attraction, the highest amount of curiosity, creativity," }, { "start": 2297.68, "end": 2304.18, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " inspiration, and joy, let it organize things in that way." }, { "start": 2304.18, "end": 2309.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That's how you do that until suddenly you start functioning in pure synchronism, being" }, { "start": 2309.68, "end": 2313.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " always at the right place at the right moment in exactly the perfect timing, interacting" }, { "start": 2313.68, "end": 2314.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with exactly." }, { "start": 2314.68, "end": 2319.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Who you need to interact with doing exactly what you need to do at that particular perfect" }, { "start": 2319.68, "end": 2321.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " moment in time." }, { "start": 2321.68, "end": 2324.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It will happen that way eventually." }, { "start": 2324.68, "end": 2326.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It may take some practice." }, { "start": 2326.68, "end": 2327.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That's okay." }, { "start": 2327.68, "end": 2330.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Let the process unfold naturally." }, { "start": 2330.68, "end": 2332.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But basically, that's how you do it." }, { "start": 2332.68, "end": 2335.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You start from the neutral place of understanding." }, { "start": 2335.68, "end": 2338.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Everything is an orchestration, whether it appears to be or not." }, { "start": 2338.68, "end": 2340.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There are no accidents." }, { "start": 2340.68, "end": 2342.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Everything is connected." }, { "start": 2342.68, "end": 2343.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There's a reason why everything is happening." }, { "start": 2343.68, "end": 2348.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It may not always have to do mostly with you." }, { "start": 2348.68, "end": 2353.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You may be participating in something for someone else getting something out of it that's" }, { "start": 2353.68, "end": 2356.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " more important for them than it is for you personally." }, { "start": 2356.68, "end": 2362.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But that doesn't mean it's not important that you participate in a gathering that may help" }, { "start": 2362.68, "end": 2367.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " someone else make a realization that helps their soul grow and move forward on their" }, { "start": 2367.68, "end": 2368.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " path." }, { "start": 2368.68, "end": 2369.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's still a dance." }, { "start": 2369.68, "end": 2371.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's still an orchestration." }, { "start": 2371.68, "end": 2372.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You're there for a reason." }, { "start": 2372.68, "end": 2375.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's not an accident where you find yourself." }, { "start": 2375.68, "end": 2382.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So once you start acknowledging it from that balanced point, that neutral point, then you can start" }, { "start": 2382.68, "end": 2388.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " finding the things that are personally synchronistic for you as well." }, { "start": 2388.68, "end": 2390.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because you're included in that dance." }, { "start": 2390.68, "end": 2396.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And if you open up to it, opportunities and situations will arise that will contain the passion," }, { "start": 2396.68, "end": 2401.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " the curiosity, the attractiveness that will let you know, all right, this one is for you." }, { "start": 2401.68, "end": 2402.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And this one is for you." }, { "start": 2402.68, "end": 2409.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But you will still participate in things that are for others as well because part of the" }, { "start": 2409.68, "end": 2415.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " idea is that you are of service to humanity by being part of the orchestration." }, { "start": 2415.68, "end": 2418.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And then your life just gets organized that way." }, { "start": 2418.68, "end": 2419.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Hello." }, { "start": 2419.68, "end": 2420.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Good day." }, { "start": 2420.68, "end": 2421.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Good day." }, { "start": 2421.68, "end": 2422.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Good day to you." }, { "start": 2422.68, "end": 2423.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Nice to meet you, Bashar." }, { "start": 2423.68, "end": 2424.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " And you as well." }, { "start": 2424.68, "end": 2425.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " What would you like to discuss this day?" }, { "start": 2425.68, "end": 2426.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I think we're going to talk about the idea of the dance." }, { "start": 2426.68, "end": 2427.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I think it's a great idea." }, { "start": 2427.68, "end": 2428.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I think it's a great idea." }, { "start": 2428.68, "end": 2429.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I think it's a great idea." }, { "start": 2429.68, "end": 2430.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I think it's a great idea." }, { "start": 2430.68, "end": 2431.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " What would you like to discuss this day?" }, { "start": 2431.68, "end": 2432.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2432.68, "end": 2437.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I have a question concerning out-of-body experience." }, { "start": 2437.68, "end": 2438.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2438.68, "end": 2448.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And I've been having multiple, many experiences actually in where I am in the vibrational" }, { "start": 2448.68, "end": 2459.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " state at the gate, let's say at the door of moving out of my body, and also multiple experiences" }, { "start": 2459.68, "end": 2466.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " in which I was outside of my body, floating at the ceiling, floating on top of my house." }, { "start": 2466.68, "end": 2467.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 2467.68, "end": 2468.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So what's your question?" }, { "start": 2468.68, "end": 2475.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " My question is, I'm a very curious person, curious being, and I want to explore that" }, { "start": 2475.68, "end": 2481.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " realm, but I've never been able, because it happens spontaneously, I've never been able" }, { "start": 2481.68, "end": 2488.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " to control it or put myself at ease that I can go easily out of my body." }, { "start": 2488.68, "end": 2489.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Right." }, { "start": 2489.68, "end": 2494.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But you say you're already experiencing being out of your body." }, { "start": 2494.06, "end": 2500.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So when you actually experience being out of your body, what do you do?" }, { "start": 2500.68, "end": 2506.3399999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Well, when I'm stuck." }, { "start": 2506.3399999999997, "end": 2507.7799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " How are you stuck?" }, { "start": 2507.7799999999997, "end": 2513.12, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " How do you think you need to explore other realms?" }, { "start": 2513.12, "end": 2516.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " By moving my energetic body somewhere." }, { "start": 2516.68, "end": 2517.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " No." }, { "start": 2517.68, "end": 2518.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Not by moving." }, { "start": 2518.68, "end": 2519.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Not by moving." }, { "start": 2519.68, "end": 2523.8599999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All you have to do is imagine being in another place and you'll be there." }, { "start": 2523.8599999999997, "end": 2525.6, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You're thinking of it in physical terms." }, { "start": 2525.6, "end": 2527.58, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I have to move." }, { "start": 2527.58, "end": 2529.02, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You don't." }, { "start": 2529.02, "end": 2533.2, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You just have to imagine feeling that you're somewhere else." }, { "start": 2533.2, "end": 2536.3599999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Picture that you're somewhere else and you will be there." }, { "start": 2536.3599999999997, "end": 2540.7599999999998, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Movement is not the same in those realms as it is in physical reality." }, { "start": 2540.7599999999998, "end": 2545.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you can't think of it in the way that you would think of it if you were a physical being." }, { "start": 2545.06, "end": 2546.06, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Mm-hmm." }, { "start": 2546.06, "end": 2548.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So the next time you find yourself." }, { "start": 2548.68, "end": 2554.1, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " The next time you find yourself floating on the ceiling or floating above your house," }, { "start": 2554.1, "end": 2558.4199999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " imagine another place that you're familiar with." }, { "start": 2558.4199999999996, "end": 2559.7799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Someplace on your planet." }, { "start": 2559.7799999999997, "end": 2565.64, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Or even imagine being out among the stars or being above the earth." }, { "start": 2565.64, "end": 2568.18, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Just picture it and you'll be there." }, { "start": 2568.18, "end": 2569.96, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 2569.96, "end": 2572.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That's all you have to do." }, { "start": 2572.06, "end": 2573.06, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " That's very helpful." }, { "start": 2573.06, "end": 2574.06, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 2574.06, "end": 2575.06, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2575.06, "end": 2576.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I would also like to ask another question." }, { "start": 2576.68, "end": 2577.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2577.68, "end": 2582.08, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " And it's concerning here on earth." }, { "start": 2582.08, "end": 2585.44, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " At a certain point in life, people start to have children." }, { "start": 2585.44, "end": 2586.44, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes, sometimes." }, { "start": 2586.44, "end": 2590.52, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " It's a natural thing that occurs." }, { "start": 2590.52, "end": 2592.96, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " But I'm 32 right now." }, { "start": 2592.96, "end": 2595.3199999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Many friends of mine having kids." }, { "start": 2595.3199999999997, "end": 2596.3199999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " And I love kids." }, { "start": 2596.3199999999997, "end": 2597.9199999999996, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " It's such a joy." }, { "start": 2597.9199999999996, "end": 2598.9199999999996, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yeah." }, { "start": 2598.9199999999996, "end": 2602.2, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " But I'm doubtful." }, { "start": 2602.2, "end": 2603.44, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " And I was wondering." }, { "start": 2603.44, "end": 2605.3599999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You're doubtful about what?" }, { "start": 2605.3599999999997, "end": 2607.3999999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " To have or not have children." }, { "start": 2607.68, "end": 2609.3399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Then don't worry about it." }, { "start": 2609.3399999999997, "end": 2613.3999999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " If you've made an agreement to have children, nothing will stop it from happening at the" }, { "start": 2613.3999999999996, "end": 2615.2599999999998, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " exact correct time." }, { "start": 2615.2599999999998, "end": 2619.62, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " If you haven't made an agreement to have children, then you won't have children." }, { "start": 2619.62, "end": 2624.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Just let your life unfold by following the formula, following your passion, and let it" }, { "start": 2624.8199999999997, "end": 2627.3599999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " happen when you've already agreed that it should." }, { "start": 2627.3599999999997, "end": 2632.8399999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Because those things have already been determined by your spirit before you incarnated." }, { "start": 2632.8399999999997, "end": 2634.52, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " And what about birth control?" }, { "start": 2634.52, "end": 2637.3599999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " If I take the pills, then I won't, you know?" }, { "start": 2637.68, "end": 2639.9199999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Don't worry about that either." }, { "start": 2639.9199999999996, "end": 2644.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Again, if you're supposed to have children, then something will happen where you either" }, { "start": 2644.68, "end": 2649.6, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " wind up not taking it and you'll feel that you don't wish to take it, or it won't matter" }, { "start": 2649.6, "end": 2654.98, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that you take it because things that are supposed to happen can supersede some of the physical" }, { "start": 2654.98, "end": 2656.56, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " elements on your planet anyway." }, { "start": 2656.56, "end": 2662.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There have been many people that have been told by your doctors they cannot have children," }, { "start": 2662.0, "end": 2664.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and yet they do." }, { "start": 2664.06, "end": 2666.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So don't worry about the idea of the physical parameters." }, { "start": 2666.68, "end": 2667.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That's interesting." }, { "start": 2667.68, "end": 2668.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I'm not sure if you've made that agreement." }, { "start": 2668.68, "end": 2669.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I'm not sure if you've made that agreement." }, { "start": 2669.68, "end": 2670.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I'm not sure if you've made that agreement." }, { "start": 2670.68, "end": 2671.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But I'm sure that something will synchronistically occur that will make it possible if you've" }, { "start": 2671.8199999999997, "end": 2673.72, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " made that agreement." }, { "start": 2673.72, "end": 2678.98, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All you have to do is go with the flow and just trust your feelings and instincts at" }, { "start": 2678.98, "end": 2681.3199999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " every given moment." }, { "start": 2681.3199999999997, "end": 2682.3199999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I will." }, { "start": 2682.3199999999997, "end": 2685.68, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " That is a nice thing to hear." }, { "start": 2685.68, "end": 2686.9199999999996, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Don't worry about it." }, { "start": 2686.9199999999996, "end": 2688.3199999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 2688.3199999999997, "end": 2690.7999999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " One last question." }, { "start": 2690.7999999999997, "end": 2693.72, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I'm a dancer, and my life is dancing." }, { "start": 2693.72, "end": 2694.72, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I teach dance." }, { "start": 2694.72, "end": 2695.72, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I perform." }, { "start": 2695.72, "end": 2696.72, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2696.72, "end": 2713.64, "speaker": "SPEAKER_00", "text": " I was wondering what the meaning of art in any shape or form is on an earthly level," }, { "start": 2713.64, "end": 2716.54, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " or on a cosmic level." }, { "start": 2716.54, "end": 2723.3399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Art is a basis for self-reflection, for communication, to put one in touch with oneself and how one" }, { "start": 2723.3399999999997, "end": 2725.52, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " responds to the art." }, { "start": 2725.52, "end": 2726.56, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Mm-hmm." }, { "start": 2726.72, "end": 2728.08, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So art is a mirror." }, { "start": 2729.7599999999998, "end": 2734.24, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yes.
And do you have arts in other..." }, { "start": 2734.24, "end": 2737.14, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Absolutely.
Many different kinds." }, { "start": 2737.8999999999996, "end": 2742.4599999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I myself am a sculptor, as well as being a first contact specialist." }, { "start": 2743.54, "end": 2748.4599999999996, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " And how does that visualize?
What does that look like?" }, { "start": 2749.0, "end": 2751.3399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There are many different things it can look like." }, { "start": 2751.34, "end": 2757.5, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " We can form certain materials spontaneously that are nanomaterials," }, { "start": 2757.86, "end": 2760.94, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " what you would call a kind of metallic crystalline substance," }, { "start": 2761.42, "end": 2764.02, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that can be formed into many different shapes." }, { "start": 2764.54, "end": 2769.46, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And the idea is that certain sculptures can be made so that they change shape" }, { "start": 2769.46, "end": 2772.44, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " with the person that is observing it." }, { "start": 2773.88, "end": 2779.76, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " To literally reflect what is going on in that person in their observation of it." }, { "start": 2779.76, "end": 2781.32, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So it literally functions." }, { "start": 2781.34, "end": 2783.56, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It functions like a kind of symbolic mirror." }, { "start": 2784.96, "end": 2787.7000000000003, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " So if I'm understanding this correctly," }, { "start": 2787.86, "end": 2792.56, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " the art that is being shaped by what the person is looking at it." }, { "start": 2793.04, "end": 2793.6400000000003, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2794.56, "end": 2797.34, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Wow, that's beautiful." }, { "start": 2798.28, "end": 2799.78, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes, we think so." }, { "start": 2799.98, "end": 2801.52, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I hope I can experience that." }, { "start": 2802.5, "end": 2807.8, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There are forms that you can create that will react and respond to people in different ways." }, { "start": 2807.8, "end": 2811.1400000000003, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Some of it may include electronics and so on and so forth." }, { "start": 2811.34, "end": 2814.6400000000003, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Until such time as you actually develop physical materials" }, { "start": 2814.6400000000003, "end": 2818.04, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that will respond the way I am telling you ours respond." }, { "start": 2818.04, "end": 2820.04, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But there are many ways to do it." }, { "start": 2820.04, "end": 2823.6400000000003, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So use your creative imagination and see what you can come up with." }, { "start": 2823.6400000000003, "end": 2829.2400000000002, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Certainly dance itself is something that can be interactive and a two-way street" }, { "start": 2829.2400000000002, "end": 2834.1400000000003, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so that the response of the audience can change the way that you dance in the moment." }, { "start": 2834.1400000000003, "end": 2837.34, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " If you are receptive to the mood of the audience." }, { "start": 2838.1600000000003, "end": 2839.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Hmm." }, { "start": 2839.0, "end": 2841.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " That's a very nice inspiration." }, { "start": 2841.0, "end": 2842.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 2842.0, "end": 2844.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " See what you can do with that." }, { "start": 2844.0, "end": 2845.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2845.0, "end": 2847.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Thank you so much Bashar." }, { "start": 2847.0, "end": 2848.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You are so welcome." }, { "start": 2848.0, "end": 2849.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Anything else?" }, { "start": 2849.0, "end": 2851.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " No, that's it for today." }, { "start": 2851.0, "end": 2852.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 2852.0, "end": 2853.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Then happy dancing." }, { "start": 2853.0, "end": 2854.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you so much." }, { "start": 2854.0, "end": 2855.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " Greetings Bashar." }, { "start": 2855.0, "end": 2867.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_11", "text": " I was wondering if you could kindly discuss with us what a typical day entails for an adult being on your planet." }, { "start": 2867.0, "end": 2870.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " The reason I'm interested in is most adult human beings have a very short lifespan." }, { "start": 2870.0, "end": 2871.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2871.0, "end": 2888.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " Especially in the West, have to wear different hats on a given day between, you know, dividing our time between sleeping, working, being, you know, a family member, such as a parent, a kid, a sibling, etc." }, { "start": 2888.0, "end": 2894.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " And, you know, creating some personal time off to find more joy in life." }, { "start": 2894.0, "end": 2898.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " Sometimes it's a bit tricky to wear all these hats." }, { "start": 2898.0, "end": 2899.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " So I was wondering if you would have any words of advice." }, { "start": 2899.0, "end": 2900.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 2900.0, "end": 2909.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " I think words of wisdom in terms of compartmentalizing our day to find that joy, to create that joy more." }, { "start": 2909.0, "end": 2910.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 2910.0, "end": 2912.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Again, it's not about compartmentalizing." }, { "start": 2912.0, "end": 2920.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's about allowing synchronicity to be the organizing principle so that one experience flows into another more naturally." }, { "start": 2920.0, "end": 2925.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's not about finding time to experience personal joy." }, { "start": 2925.0, "end": 2929.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's about choosing those things that allow you to experience personal joy in the interior." }, { "start": 2929.0, "end": 2930.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And that's what I would say." }, { "start": 2930.0, "end": 2948.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I think it's important to find joy in the entirety of your life every moment, even though things may be different expressions at different times and may be representative of different relationships that you have and different communications and different experiences that you have that all fall within the idea of your personal joy." }, { "start": 2948.0, "end": 2951.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's not about saying, well, I have to do this and I have to do that." }, { "start": 2951.0, "end": 2957.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And I get these little tiny moments where I can be personal for myself to find joy for myself." }, { "start": 2957.0, "end": 2963.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " If it's not all joyful, you're not going about it in the way that we suggest by following the formula." }, { "start": 2963.0, "end": 2975.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And you're not allowing synchronicity to be the organizing principle that allows you to flow smoothly from one event to the other one experience to the other in a way that is overall joyful for you." }, { "start": 2975.0, "end": 2978.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That means you're not being your natural self." }, { "start": 2978.0, "end": 2980.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So be your natural self." }, { "start": 2980.0, "end": 2981.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Follow the formula." }, { "start": 2981.0, "end": 2986.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Let synchronicity organize the things that are important and relevant for your life experience." }, { "start": 2987.0, "end": 3005.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And you will ultimately discover that every single one of those things can be experienced perhaps in a slightly different way than what you're doing it now, but can be experienced in a joyful way that's correct for you as well as everyone else involved." }, { "start": 3005.0, "end": 3006.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Hi, Bashar." }, { "start": 3006.0, "end": 3007.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " My name is Jennifer." }, { "start": 3007.0, "end": 3008.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Thanks for everything you do." }, { "start": 3008.0, "end": 3011.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " I wanted to ask you a question about highly sensitive people." }, { "start": 3011.0, "end": 3016.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " In the psychology field here, there's that label for individuals who carry very deep emotions, negative or positive." }, { "start": 3016.0, "end": 3017.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Right." }, { "start": 3017.0, "end": 3020.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " They are very rigid thinkers." }, { "start": 3020.0, "end": 3023.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " They naturally carry lots of shame and anxiousness." }, { "start": 3023.0, "end": 3027.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " They're detailed oriented, very imaginative." }, { "start": 3027.0, "end": 3030.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Their depth of processing is very high." }, { "start": 3030.0, "end": 3034.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " And so they get overstimulated and therefore emotionally reactive." }, { "start": 3034.0, "end": 3038.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " And essentially all their senses are overly heightened." }, { "start": 3038.0, "end": 3040.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " I fit that profile." }, { "start": 3040.0, "end": 3042.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " And so does my five year old." }, { "start": 3042.0, "end": 3046.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " And we've been told that depending on the parenting style, this can enhance the emotional response." }, { "start": 3046.0, "end": 3050.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " This can enhance their sensitivities, whether in a negative or positive way." }, { "start": 3050.0, "end": 3055.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " So I wanted to ask you, what all can you tell us about highly sensitive people?" }, { "start": 3055.0, "end": 3068.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " And what can I do to help my five year old who is too young to apply your teachings directly to live a life without so much pain and hardship that can come with having this type of temperament?" }, { "start": 3068.0, "end": 3070.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Thank you so much, Bashar." }, { "start": 3070.0, "end": 3071.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_07", "text": " Take care." }, { "start": 3071.0, "end": 3074.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Well, first and foremost, you have to realize that there will always be a lot of pain." }, { "start": 3074.0, "end": 3079.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You have to realize that there will always be a few exceptions to what we are about to say." }, { "start": 3079.0, "end": 3089.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That being said, the majority of people on your planet who function this way are the result of very deep trauma." }, { "start": 3089.0, "end": 3102.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " They have been traumatized to such a degree that they have become overly sensitive as a warning system to avoid anything that might trigger the trauma experienced within themselves." }, { "start": 3102.0, "end": 3103.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So it mostly comes down to this." }, { "start": 3104.0, "end": 3108.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It comes from the idea of deep personal trauma." }, { "start": 3108.0, "end": 3124.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Now, the idea for someone very young that's exhibiting this, to some degree it can be that the soul decided that they're going to be a reflection of you going through your experience of personal trauma." }, { "start": 3124.0, "end": 3126.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And so they're reflecting it to you." }, { "start": 3126.0, "end": 3133.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " They're exhibiting it as well because they're picking it up from you and throwing it back at you to show you what you're experiencing." }, { "start": 3133.0, "end": 3134.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " To show you what you're experiencing." }, { "start": 3134.0, "end": 3136.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " To show you that it's something you need to deal with." }, { "start": 3136.0, "end": 3146.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That can be one of the reasons that very young children may be experiencing the symptoms of the same kind of trauma that the adult parent is experiencing." }, { "start": 3146.0, "end": 3163.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " At the same time, some of the things that can be done about this is to provide environments that stimulate the child's ability to exercise their creative imagination," }, { "start": 3163.0, "end": 3176.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to think of alternative ways in which they can respond or react to certain situations that they would otherwise react to in a highly sensitive way." }, { "start": 3176.0, "end": 3191.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you have to be creative and imaginative enough yourself to invent scenarios to take them through in a playful way, these scenarios, to get them to utilize their creative imaginations" }, { "start": 3191.0, "end": 3192.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " about how to problem-solve." }, { "start": 3192.0, "end": 3202.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " In certain situations that they might otherwise react to in an overly traumatized, highly sensitive way." }, { "start": 3202.0, "end": 3221.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you have to stimulate their creative imaginations either with stories or some kind of interactive experience that gets them to dig deep into their creative resources to come up with alternative paths, alternative ways to think of how else, what other ways could you solve this problem?" }, { "start": 3221.0, "end": 3223.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Could you solve this situation?" }, { "start": 3223.0, "end": 3225.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Could you solve this problem, this challenge?" }, { "start": 3225.0, "end": 3236.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Is there some other way your imagination can come up with to face this challenge so you don't feel so overly sensitized and reactive to it?" }, { "start": 3236.0, "end": 3239.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I'm paraphrasing, but you get the idea." }, { "start": 3239.0, "end": 3242.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Hello?" }, { "start": 3242.0, "end": 3244.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right, good day, good day." }, { "start": 3244.0, "end": 3245.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Good day." }, { "start": 3245.0, "end": 3246.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I'm excited and honored to be here." }, { "start": 3246.0, "end": 3247.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I'm excited and honored to be here." }, { "start": 3247.0, "end": 3248.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I'm excited and honored to be here." }, { "start": 3248.0, "end": 3249.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I'm excited and honored to be here." }, { "start": 3249.0, "end": 3250.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I'm excited and honored to be here." }, { "start": 3250.0, "end": 3252.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I'm excited and honored to be here with you." }, { "start": 3252.0, "end": 3253.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I'm excited and honored to be here with you." }, { "start": 3253.0, "end": 3254.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " As are we with you." }, { "start": 3254.0, "end": 3256.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " As are we with you." }, { "start": 3256.0, "end": 3258.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Gosh." }, { "start": 3258.0, "end": 3265.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " So I have a question about deserving and receiving." }, { "start": 3265.0, "end": 3266.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3266.0, "end": 3277.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I have noticed that I really struggle with feeling like I deserve to receive." }, { "start": 3277.0, "end": 3278.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Why?" }, { "start": 3278.0, "end": 3279.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Why?" }, { "start": 3279.0, "end": 3280.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Why?" }, { "start": 3280.0, "end": 3281.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Where did you learn that from?" }, { "start": 3281.0, "end": 3284.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Where did you pick up the idea that you don't deserve to receive?" }, { "start": 3284.0, "end": 3285.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I imagine it's from my family." }, { "start": 3285.0, "end": 3286.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 3286.0, "end": 3287.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You understand that you are receiving all the time, otherwise you wouldn't be having a physical reality experience, yes?" }, { "start": 3287.0, "end": 3288.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That is correct, yes." }, { "start": 3288.0, "end": 3289.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " So you must believe you deserve to receive something." }, { "start": 3289.0, "end": 3290.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3290.0, "end": 3291.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Or you would be experiencing nothing." }, { "start": 3291.0, "end": 3292.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3292.0, "end": 3293.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you would be experiencing nothing." }, { "start": 3293.0, "end": 3294.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3294.0, "end": 3295.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you would be experiencing nothing." }, { "start": 3295.0, "end": 3296.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3296.0, "end": 3297.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3297.0, "end": 3298.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3298.0, "end": 3299.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3299.0, "end": 3300.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3300.0, "end": 3301.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3301.0, "end": 3302.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3302.0, "end": 3303.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3303.0, "end": 3304.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3304.0, "end": 3305.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3305.0, "end": 3306.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3306.0, "end": 3307.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3307.0, "end": 3308.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3308.0, "end": 3309.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3309.0, "end": 3310.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3310.0, "end": 3311.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " No brainer." }, { "start": 3311.0, "end": 3312.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3312.0, "end": 3313.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3313.0, "end": 3314.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That is correct." }, { "start": 3314.0, "end": 3315.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Okay." }, { "start": 3315.0, "end": 3316.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I know." }, { "start": 3316.0, "end": 3317.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That's why I said it." }, { "start": 3317.0, "end": 3318.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So you see the paradox here?" }, { "start": 3318.0, "end": 3319.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yeah." }, { "start": 3319.0, "end": 3322.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So the question isn't, do you deserve to receive?" }, { "start": 3322.0, "end": 3327.98, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's, What is it that you deserve to receive, that's different from the things you are" }, { "start": 3327.98, "end": 3332.4, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " already willing to believe you deserve to receive?" }, { "start": 3332.4, "end": 3334.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " What makes them different?" }, { "start": 3334.0, "end": 3335.64, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3335.64, "end": 3337.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3337.0, "end": 3338.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3338.0, "end": 3339.0, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3339.0, "end": 3343.66, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I imagine I need to earn the things I prefer to receive." }, { "start": 3345.04, "end": 3348.82, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Well, in some senses, that can be accurate." }, { "start": 3348.92, "end": 3351.74, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But what does earn actually mean?" }, { "start": 3351.9, "end": 3355.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Earning doesn't have to be suffering or struggling." }, { "start": 3356.06, "end": 3362.32, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Earning can simply be the result of being willing to take an action in a direction that will allow you to receive something." }, { "start": 3362.76, "end": 3365.22, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because you have to put out in order to get back." }, { "start": 3365.22, "end": 3372.3799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So just the willingness to take the action can be earning what you receive from that action." }, { "start": 3373.4599999999996, "end": 3374.7, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It can be that simple." }, { "start": 3375.3399999999997, "end": 3375.66, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3376.3999999999996, "end": 3379.74, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So why are you making earning such a struggle?" }, { "start": 3381.18, "end": 3393.3999999999996, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I think what it is, is that I feel intrinsically I'm not enough to deserve the things I prefer to receive." }, { "start": 3393.3999999999996, "end": 3395.2, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Can you give us an example?" }, { "start": 3395.22, "end": 3397.08, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " An example of what you prefer to receive?" }, { "start": 3400.8999999999996, "end": 3401.58, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Okay." }, { "start": 3402.7599999999998, "end": 3406.3799999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I'll give an example that's closest to my heart." }, { "start": 3407.02, "end": 3415.3799999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " When my son was a newborn and smiled at me, I felt I did not deserve that." }, { "start": 3415.7599999999998, "end": 3416.62, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " So that's love." }, { "start": 3416.74, "end": 3419.22, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " That was an expression of love in my..." }, { "start": 3419.22, "end": 3424.52, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I felt like I was receiving love and I did not earn that love." }, { "start": 3425.22, "end": 3426.72, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Just by being his mother." }, { "start": 3427.58, "end": 3428.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I see." }, { "start": 3428.18, "end": 3428.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And why not?" }, { "start": 3430.2999999999997, "end": 3437.62, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Because the voice in my head said, he doesn't know who I am." }, { "start": 3438.18, "end": 3438.8399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes, he does." }, { "start": 3438.8999999999996, "end": 3442.3999999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " He knew who you were way more than he knows it now." }, { "start": 3443.64, "end": 3447.2, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because children, when they're first born, are still very connected to spirit." }, { "start": 3447.8799999999997, "end": 3450.1, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And they can see who you actually are." }, { "start": 3450.1, "end": 3455.1, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Therefore, his smile was absolutely proof that you deserve..." }, { "start": 3455.22, "end": 3456.16, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " To be loved." }, { "start": 3460.7599999999998, "end": 3465.4199999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Now, let's explore this and examine this from another point of view, shall we?" }, { "start": 3466.2, "end": 3466.58, "speaker": "SPEAKER_10", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3467.2799999999997, "end": 3467.7, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 3468.22, "end": 3472.7799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And by the way, if you find yourself emotional and crying, that's a good sign." }, { "start": 3473.3399999999997, "end": 3473.8199999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 3474.9599999999996, "end": 3476.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You know what we've said about that?" }, { "start": 3477.3799999999997, "end": 3479.74, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's a release of something." }, { "start": 3480.74, "end": 3481.08, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3481.08, "end": 3481.16, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3481.74, "end": 3485.14, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Anytime, physically, you hold on to a belief." }, { "start": 3485.22, "end": 3489.14, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " There has to be a physical component in your body that represents that belief." }, { "start": 3489.56, "end": 3491.7799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That's usually in the chemistry of your body." }, { "start": 3492.3199999999997, "end": 3497.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So if you're letting go of a belief, you have to wash that chemical component out of your system." }, { "start": 3497.66, "end": 3499.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And that usually happens through tears." }, { "start": 3499.48, "end": 3501.7999999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Though it can happen in other ways as well." }, { "start": 3502.66, "end": 3504.3999999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So they're tears of release." }, { "start": 3504.9199999999996, "end": 3505.22, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3505.9399999999996, "end": 3506.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 3507.08, "end": 3508.22, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So that's fine." }, { "start": 3508.3599999999997, "end": 3511.5, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " If you feel yourself welling up, just let it flow." }, { "start": 3511.8399999999997, "end": 3512.2799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right?" }, { "start": 3512.52, "end": 3513.3199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Thank you." }, { "start": 3513.64, "end": 3514.16, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Now..." }, { "start": 3515.22, "end": 3526.4399999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " I'm going to assume, quite safely, I might mention, that I'm having a conversation with someone who actually exists." }, { "start": 3526.4399999999996, "end": 3526.8799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes?" }, { "start": 3528.2799999999997, "end": 3529.04, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3529.7799999999997, "end": 3532.2, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You're certain you exist, yes?" }, { "start": 3533.12, "end": 3533.66, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3534.66, "end": 3535.18, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 3535.7999999999997, "end": 3538.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Pretty certain or really certain that you exist?" }, { "start": 3539.18, "end": 3540.3399999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I'm really certain." }, { "start": 3541.3399999999997, "end": 3542.02, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 3543.14, "end": 3545.2, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Do you understand that creation does exist?" }, { "start": 3545.22, "end": 3546.3599999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That it doesn't make mistakes?" }, { "start": 3547.72, "end": 3548.2, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3548.8999999999996, "end": 3550.9599999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Do you really understand that?" }, { "start": 3551.6, "end": 3552.14, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I don't." }, { "start": 3552.2599999999998, "end": 3553.7799999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I don't think I do." }, { "start": 3554.08, "end": 3554.56, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 3554.7599999999998, "end": 3563.3399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Do you understand that if creation actually made a mistake, it would collapse under its own weight?" }, { "start": 3565.2599999999998, "end": 3567.52, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I think I understand that, yes." }, { "start": 3567.52, "end": 3573.7799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Creation is not complicated, but it's so complex, so interwoven." }, { "start": 3573.8999999999996, "end": 3575.2, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It exists on so many levels." }, { "start": 3575.22, "end": 3579.66, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It exists on so many different levels, including parallel realities and multiverses and so on and so forth," }, { "start": 3579.7799999999997, "end": 3585.7799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that if there was an error in any of that, the whole thing would just collapse in on itself," }, { "start": 3586.24, "end": 3589.2599999999998, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and it wouldn't really exist in the way that it does." }, { "start": 3589.3399999999997, "end": 3592.4399999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It wouldn't be capable of maintaining its existence." }, { "start": 3592.54, "end": 3593.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Do you understand?" }, { "start": 3593.56, "end": 3593.9399999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3594.16, "end": 3603.16, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " It's like having a weak link in something that needs every single component to be equally strong with every other component" }, { "start": 3603.16, "end": 3605.2, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " so that it can maintain its shape." }, { "start": 3605.22, "end": 3610.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You have certain games that exist on your planet that explore this idea," }, { "start": 3610.7999999999997, "end": 3614.16, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " whereas if you remove one thing, the whole thing falls apart." }, { "start": 3614.66, "end": 3614.7799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3614.7799999999997, "end": 3614.9599999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes?" }, { "start": 3615.3399999999997, "end": 3615.8399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 3616.14, "end": 3616.58, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3616.8199999999997, "end": 3619.8399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So, you are one of those components." }, { "start": 3620.4399999999996, "end": 3628.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " You exist, and that means creation absolutely needed you to exist in order for it to be complete." }, { "start": 3629.12, "end": 3631.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Otherwise, it would be incomplete without you." }, { "start": 3631.68, "end": 3631.7599999999998, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3631.7599999999998, "end": 3631.8399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3631.8399999999997, "end": 3631.8999999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3631.8999999999996, "end": 3631.9199999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3631.9199999999996, "end": 3631.9399999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3631.9399999999996, "end": 3631.9599999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3631.9599999999996, "end": 3632.02, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.02, "end": 3632.08, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.08, "end": 3632.16, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.16, "end": 3632.18, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.18, "end": 3632.2, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.2, "end": 3632.2599999999998, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.2599999999998, "end": 3632.2799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.2799999999997, "end": 3632.3199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.3199999999997, "end": 3632.3399999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.3399999999997, "end": 3632.3599999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.3599999999997, "end": 3632.4399999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.4399999999996, "end": 3632.5, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.5, "end": 3632.52, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.52, "end": 3632.58, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.58, "end": 3632.6, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.6, "end": 3632.62, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.62, "end": 3632.64, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.64, "end": 3632.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.68, "end": 3632.7, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.7, "end": 3632.72, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.72, "end": 3632.7999999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.7999999999997, "end": 3632.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.8199999999997, "end": 3632.8799999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.8799999999997, "end": 3632.8999999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.8999999999996, "end": 3632.9199999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3632.9199999999996, "end": 3633.9199999999996, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3633.92, "end": 3634.6, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3640.84, "end": 3645.7200000000003, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3645.96, "end": 3647.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " All right." }, { "start": 3647.64, "end": 3655.14, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So, by saying, I'm not deserving to be who I am, I am not deserving of the vibrational" }, { "start": 3655.14, "end": 3663.32, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " frequency of existence itself, which you translate as unconditional love in human terms, that's" }, { "start": 3663.32, "end": 3663.82, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " what unconditional love is." }, { "start": 3663.92, "end": 3672.26, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " love is, the actual frequency of existence itself.
You follow? Yes. That's how you translate it in" }, { "start": 3672.26, "end": 3680.92, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " your physical reality.
So by the fact that you exist, existence itself, creation itself, all that" }, { "start": 3680.92, "end": 3691.08, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " is itself says you deserve to experience this unconditional love.
By saying you don't deserve" }, { "start": 3691.08, "end": 3700.48, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " that, you are singling yourself out of all of creation as the only component that doesn't belong" }, { "start": 3700.48, "end": 3710.4, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " in creation.
You are arguing with creation about the fact of your existence, and I guarantee you," }, { "start": 3710.46, "end": 3716.88, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you will never win that argument because you cannot cease to exist.
That's your fundamental" }, { "start": 3716.88, "end": 3721.06, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " state.
That which exists cannot become that which is not." }, { "start": 3721.08, "end": 3727.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because by definition, non-existence doesn't exist.
There's nowhere for existence to go." }, { "start": 3729.38, "end": 3738.7, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So by the very fact that you exist, all that is is telling you you deserve to," }, { "start": 3739.12, "end": 3745.58, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " and you deserve the unconditional vibrational love of existence itself in order for you to continue" }, { "start": 3745.58, "end": 3750.0, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " to be a component that is vital to all of existence." }, { "start": 3751.08, "end": 3759.96, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So stop arguing with creation, because in actual fact, though that may seem to be the idea of," }, { "start": 3760.18, "end": 3768.24, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " oh, I don't deserve this, may seem to be a very humble idea, it's actually the most arrogant idea" }, { "start": 3768.24, "end": 3776.84, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " you can express.
Because you're saying, I alone, out of all of creation, am the only one that" }, { "start": 3776.84, "end": 3780.94, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " doesn't deserve to be loved.
That's very arrogant." }, { "start": 3781.08, "end": 3783.38, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Do you want to be arrogant?" }, { "start": 3783.92, "end": 3785.22, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " No, I do not." }, { "start": 3786.02, "end": 3790.3199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Then will you be willing to accept that you deserve to love yourself?" }, { "start": 3791.42, "end": 3792.02, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3792.64, "end": 3797.98, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And that you don't have to do anything to deserve that other than the fact that you exist." }, { "start": 3798.14, "end": 3805.7599999999998, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That's your foundation.
That's where you start from. That you deserve unconditional love by the" }, { "start": 3805.7599999999998, "end": 3809.66, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " fact that you exist.
There is no other reason you need." }, { "start": 3811.08, "end": 3825.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " None.
It's a fundamental built in thing to your existence itself. Now you have the free will, as you have discovered to say, I don't deserve it." }, { "start": 3825.8199999999997, "end": 3839.38, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " But do you see the paradox in that you are so unconditionally supported, so unconditionally loved that you are given the free will to believe you're not loved?" }, { "start": 3839.38, "end": 3840.68, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Yes." }, { "start": 3841.08, "end": 3843.3199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That's how loved you are." }, { "start": 3843.3199999999997, "end": 3853.08, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " That you can think even I'm not loved.
That's how loved you are, that you're allowed to think that." }, { "start": 3855.94, "end": 3858.34, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " So, which do you prefer?" }, { "start": 3858.98, "end": 3860.5, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " I prefer to feel loved." }, { "start": 3860.5, "end": 3868.8199999999997, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " Nothing stops you from understanding that that's your fundamental essential core frequency." }, { "start": 3869.38, "end": 3870.8199999999997, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " Because you are part of existence." }, { "start": 3871.08, "end": 3876.58, "speaker": "Bashar", "text": " And existence itself is the vibration of unconditional love." }, { "start": 3876.58, "end": 3886.08, "speaker": "SPEAKER_02", "text": " So, that's your nature.
